nowadays human activities are influenced by computer use
computer is a modern device that is useful for human life .
people use computer particularly for work , study , even for communication .
however , many people argue that computer more give obstacle than a help in social life .
other sides believe that it becomes prominent thing , and they cannot do anything without that device .
however , i strongly believe that computer can influence society , and people ' s lives have already been controlled by device .
i would argue that this modern device has been a major hindrance to some people .
a study conducted by mediabank shows that majority of australian adults do not socialize with their families and friends as much as they used to , due to the fact that they spend almost nine hours a day dealing with computers as to produce efficient time in working .
as it can be seen from the example , the idea that computers could be a help has been neglected .
however , using computer can make people easier to complete their work .
businessmen , for example , use computer device to presentation or communication with their colleagues .
communication by feature - computer such as email and internet help busy businessmen to make deal with relation even in different country .
this is due to using computer more efficient and , many workers cannot do more in work without computer .
in conclusion , in era technology like this age , computer becomes important thing in human life .
every day , people cannot pass the day without stay in front of computer or using it .
this situation becomes lifestyle habits , and nowadays human activities are influenced by computer use .
qualification is still the fundamental determinant of an employee ' s competency of their jobs
with the increased educational level of workforce , there are growing number of employers seeking criteria other than qualifications such as social skills in their employee selection process .
however , some employers still believe that qualifications should be the most paramount criterion .
the essay intends to explore both sides of arguments and also present my own opinion .
firstly , some people suggest that qualification should be the foremost measurement to determine the value of a employer .
it is of importance that workers should be well educated and trained to perform duties of their job .
specifically , people who work in professional fields such as medicals are required to have a university degree and years of experience .
social skills seem to be less important as they cannot contribute to the success of a surgery .
on the other hand , it is no doubt that the importance of social skills have been recognized by increasing number of employers .
it is because people nowadays are required to work as a team in their jobs frequently .
interpersonal skill plays an essential role in helping colleagues to cooperate with each other , especially when conflicts arise .
better social skills allow them to resolve disagreements in a much more harmony way .
besides , organization have been transformed to customers oriented .
excellent social skills can help employees maintain strong relationship with their clients which thus lead to a better customer satisfaction .
to my view , i incline to believe qualification is still the fundamental determinant of an employee ' s competency of their jobs .
yet , the importance of social skills should not be neglected as those skills can help one to perform their job effectiveness and efficiency by facilitating interaction and communication with others .
international aid
the world has become more prosperous than ever yet a great number of people are still living in poverty or suffering by wars or disasters .
charity organisations have been playing an important role to provide support to those people .
however , it is controversial whether the help should go to the people who need it most or the citizens of the country where the charity organisations are located .
my view is that international aid should be prioritised .
international aid is critical because people from other countries may be facing much more serious problems .
many people , for example in some african countries , are living below the basic standards .
they lack food , water or clothes which keep them warm , not to mention the education needs .
what is worse , people who live in countries that are confronted with wars or natural disasters are facing even more severe issues such as security , homelessness or the pain of losing best friends or family members .
it is clear that those people are in desperate need of international support .
despite the importance of helping those beyond our national borders , it is reasonable to lend a hand to our fellow citizens .
after all , charity organisations are mainly funded by the home country thus there is a high demand that the money should be spent in the place where it is collected .
another reason is that , even within the most developed countries , there are still poor people who lack their basic needs .
by solving the problems in the home country , it is beneficial for social stability and steady economic growth .
in conclusion , people from unfortunate countries need more international assistance while helping citizens in the home country is also necessary .
popular events are essential
a world sportive competition event is watched by almost every country around the world and provide social stimulus and people gathering .
however , while people view these sportive events as vital in release international problems , others think that they are just entertainment to distract people .
i believe that they are important somehow , but not essential .
as a matter of fact , world sport events provide positive waves for number of people .
the main purpose of such competitions is to enjoy and share emotions between supporters though their favorite team .
these emotions are shared locally in our village or city , nationally in our own country but even internationally too .
obviously these events gather people and their nationalist pride feeling is increased .
for example , the football world cup taking place every four years is a very followed event during which everyone is having fun .
moreover , these sports events are not essential in other issues such as politics or other international affairs .
thus , if the general atmosphere during the show is peaceful and fraternal , the reality is different .
in other words , this is the " calm before the storm ".
after the olympics games are finished , everything came back to normal and all the game competition is forgotten by the majority .
to picture it , recently , putin was pleased to open the last winter olympic games and gather international countries , but actually it has been just facade and putin didn ' t listen international warning after he conquered the crimea .
finally , an international sports event is a very good thing to gather people , let them dream , being proud of their nationality and forget problems , but just for a while .
these meetings are in none case here to interact with international affairs .
distance - learning cannot bring the benefits that traditional colleges offer
with the tremendous development in information technology , long - distance education enables people to study at home without going to school .
whether this teaching approach is more beneficial to pupils than the traditional way sparks off a heated debate .
from my perspective , i agree with the view that students can acquire more benefits from the remote education .
to begin with , studying at home save the pupils enormous time and considerable expense .
students who use distance - learning programs can cut down their commuting time , tuition fees , textbook fees and so forth just by an internet connection .
this especially makes a significant difference for the children who live in the far - off countryside and the children whose families are living below the poverty - line .
besides that , long - distance education provides students the opportunity to access the immense knowledge resources and a variety of teaching approaches .
pupils can obtain materials for their curricula just by one mouse click , such as science reports , study posts , documentary records , etc .
a student can even select a specific online course based on his own preference and time schedule so he can control the learning progress and make satisfactory achievement on this course .
it is undeniable that traditional education has its advantages in face - to - face communication , mental inspiration and physical educations .
these make remarkable contributions in providing immediate feedbacks and cultivating pupils ' personalities .
but with the improvements in streaming and sensor technologies , remote education can eliminate the obstacles of distance and body contacts .
in conclusion , i concede that traditional education has some merits like feedbacks and inspirations that cannot be replaced in the near future .
however , distance - learning outweighs the conventional way not only with its efficiency , convenience and economic value , but also with the self - regulated education that pupils can study on their own purpose .
every student either male or female should be given equal opportunity
in today ' s context , education is the most significant factor which ultimately determines one ' s future .
in my personal opinion , i am totally agreed with the view that there should not be any room for partiality in terms of gender while allocating seats for students in every university courses .
there appear to be various reasons often strike in my mind in support of this position .
to begin with , judging student ' s skills and abilities should only be based on their academic qualifications and talents rather than gender in particular .
nowadays , both male and female students are equally competitive to each other and deserve to produce impressive results in various field of education .
in india , for example , female students are more often likely to grab more number of top scorer positions in every year higher secondary school examinations .
furthermore , female students are highly interested in learning courses such as mechanical engineering which demands physical activities in their lab workshops , unlike previous generation females .
in addition , due to increasing exposure on current affairs and knowledge on cutting - edge technological developments , female graduates are more willing to take huge responsibilities in their workplace , despite its intensive stress and pressure .
for example , chanda kochhar , who is the ceo of india ' s second largest bank called icici bank and prominently awarded as the country ' s most powerful female head in business sector .
in conclusion , i am firmly supporting the view , that every student either male or female should be given fairly equal opportunity to purse their education in all university subjects , provided they should meet the required qualifications rather than putting limitations based on their gender .
government should take interim measures , to regulate admission process for university courses which enables every student to get benefit .
more convincing
there is a hotly debated issue over whether face - to - face communication is better than other kinds of communication , and this topic can also be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .
some people tend to believe that communication in person is the best way of expression , while others seem to stand on the opposite position .
after deeply pondering over this issue , i also develop my own perspective .
i favor the former ; that is , i agree that face - to - face communication is better .
the first and foremost reason lies in the inevitable fact that communicating in person can be more convincing .
sometimes , face - to face communication can lead us to convince or complain someone successfully , and a fitting example can be found from my uncle .
he once complained a service of a restaurant .
without exaggeration , he directly went to the boss and told the boss that something wrong occurred on the meal -- a fly concealed in it .
afterward , my uncle acquired a new service thanks to face - to face communication .
if he just wrote something to complain on the website or by telephone , i do not think this problem would be thought important .
therefore , we can commence to agree that communicating with someone in person is the best way .
apart from the one i have mentioned above , another equally crucible aspect is that it is easy to be deceived without face - to face communication .
for instance , i had received some harmful words on facebook from my best friend , eric .
he said that i was totally failed in building a good friendship and he did not want to be one of my friends anymore .
i just shocked and did not know what happened .
finally , i realized that his facebook account was stolen .
hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that it is important to talk to people face - to - face .
admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some dissidents proclaiming that communication by letters , email , or telephone can enable them to talk without scruple , which is also one of the most important parts in communication .
however , from my limited understanding , i just doubt the credibility of that saying .
it is conceivable that before we talk , it is necessary for us to be imprudent about our words .
talking without scruple is not the indispensable part in communication ; in contrast , it is usually detrimental to us .
based on the reasons demonstrated above , i prefer to express my opinion in person because the advantages of this are qualitatively greater than that of the opposite .
in other words , i think the best way of communication is by means of face - to - face .
it is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .
still , i am firmly convinced that the reasons i proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .
successful people do something new or take risks
there is a hotly debated issue over whether successful people usually take risk or try new things , and the topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .
some people tend to believe that to be successful , they should do something they are unfamiliar with , while others seem to stand on the opposite place .
after deeply pondering over this issue , i develop my own perspective as well .
i favor the latter ; that is , successful people still do things they already know .
the first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that to be successful , we all try to reduce the risk we might encounter .
the lower the factors making us fail we have , the higher probability to success we own .
consider a circumstance in which one person is rich because he knows a lot of knowledge of investment .
he can focus on certain companies which he thinks is worth it to invest , and then just waits for the not so high but constant income .
he does not have to invest some dangerous companies to get higher profit which might lead him to bankrupt in a short time .
therefore , we can commence to agree that successful people do not have to try new things or take risks .
moreover , another equally crucial aspect is that it depends on the capability of one to decide whether he can succeed or not .
at least , a successful person should be able to dismantle the hurdles prohibiting him to success .
for instance , the sports stars do not have to take some drugs to win a game or show their extraordinary skills .
the same reason why they succeed is that they all have the predominated abilities in sports realm .
in contrast , those athletes try to have distinctive performance by taking risks of taking drugs are failed to succeed .
hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that it is not necessary for successful people to take risks .
admittedly , on the other hands , there might be some dissidents proclaiming that doing something new is necessary for people to success because they can become different from others , which is also a widely accepted idea for success .
however , according to my limited understanding , i just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence .
try something new can indeed make people become special , while it does not mean successful .
based on the reasons demonstrated above , i believe that doing what we already known can still leads us to succeed because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the opposite .
in other words , reducing risks and enhancing individual ' s capability is the most important path to success .
it is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .
still , i am firmly convinced that the reasons i have proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .
university education should be only available for good students
the purpose of education is always a controversial topic among people and society , especially in high level such as college or university .
some people think that all students should deserve to be educated at this level .
however , in my opinion , it should be better to leave this type of type of training for a certain group of good , knowledgeable learners .
first , focusing only on talented students is a better option because it helps academic institutions maintain their high education quality .
unlike middle school or high school , university and college require far a lot of ability and skills to keep up with an enormous amount of complex knowledge .
in fact , some students may be capable in high schools , but the pressure of higher education is tough even for talented ones .
that explains why it is only suitable for a limited people , and opening up for everyone will be fatal for institutions , since they need to somehow lower the materials so that it is practical for everyone .
secondly , university should only accept good students because it gives better human resources for sophisticated purposes .
some people argue that this may lead to ' social division ', when someone with high education refuses to do the called ' low jobs ' , but actually it gives no harm to the whole community .
those standard jobs will always be available for everyone , while complex ones should be only handled by the best people , who start their career from the best institutions .
i think limiting the number of people who can be admitted by universities is a good choice since it will reward the motivation of students and constantly keep them in the difficult level of learning , which makes them do the best to improve themselves .
ultimately , this improves the overall quality of education and gives the best people to serve in the most necessary needs of the society .
to sum thing up , i agree that everyone should have a compulsory education level up to high school , but the above divisions should be only the realm of the best students .
this will improve the quality of both universities and students , thus placing people in positions which suit them most .
improving facilities is the best way
there is a hotly debated issue over whether universities should spend money on improving facilities is more than hiring famous teachers , and this topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity .
some people tend to prefer that schools should invest in renewing facilities , while other seem to believe that famous teachers is more conducive to students .
after deeply pondering over this issue , i develop my own perspective as well .
i favor the former ; that is , i prefer to spend money on improving facilities .
the first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that the more advanced facilities we have , the more chances we can increase our knowledge .
for example , library is a good place for students to study or research .
they can concentrate on the subjects with a tranquil ambience ; also , there are a lot of references for students to utilize .
with this convenient and versatile facility , students can improve their learning condition .
therefore , we can commence to agree that certain facilities are beneficial to students .
moreover , another equally crucial aspect is that students are not always staying in classrooms .
they have numerous activities in school .
consider a circumstance in which a student who is a member of jazz ensemble in their school .
he must need a better auditorium for him to have an extraordinary performance .
with this distinguished performance , the student would acquire an unforgettable and valuable experience burring deeply in his mind .
hence , from this case , we are capable of stating that students would prefer school to spending on improving facilities .
admittedly , on the other hand , there might be some people proclaiming that schools should spend money on hiring prestigious teachers because they can impart their students well .
however , according to my limited understanding , i just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence .
a student is good or not do not depend on whether he has a good teacher but is decided by his effort on study .
it is useless to hire a super famous teacher to teach those who behaviors as sluggards .
based on the reasons demonstrate above , i believe that improving facilities is the best way for school because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the other .
in other words , students can procure more advantages from better facilities .
it is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .
still , i an firmly convinced that the reasons i have proposed in favor of my sentiment are much more tenable and cogent .
lessons with teachers versus others sources
over the last half century the change in the life of human beings has increased beyond our wildest expectations .
there are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives , such as the internet , television and cell phone .
they all enrich our daily lives .
now , many students learn from internet after class and they find it quite helpful .
many people find that students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers .
they argue that teachers teach students how to write , read and calculate since they are in kindergarten .
and when they are in primary school , teachers teach them more further knowledge , like writing skills and using computers .
it is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling .
on the other hand , students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers .
those who feel that students learn far more from other sources , such as the internet and television , firmly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can ' t learn in classes .
they can only input some key words and google it , and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it .
in this case , students learn things easily .
moreover , they contend that good television programs do teach students .
for instance , discovery channel has many instructive episodes .
students have knowledge of others cultures , outer space etc .
personally , i think that students learn far more from their teachers than from other source .
because not only do teachers teach us knowledge but also the skills to tell right from wrong .
just imagine : if a student can ' t even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn ?
high schools must be responsible for their future with well - planned curriculum
some people state that high schools should allow students to study what they want to .
they believe this motivates students to study .
i think , however , students should study a broad range of subjects from literature to mathematics .
i believe that tertiary education should make students prepare for specialization at university .
in addition , it should be to some extent paternalistic to prevent students from avoiding hurdles .
to begin with , students have to find one or more fields of study in which they are really interested .
they should not decide their future major without trying a broad range of subjects , otherwise they might miss valuable encounter with the subject .
for instance , a would - be mathematician student may be strongly intrigued by philosophy and make a success in the field .
next , students should obtain knowledge from a variety of academic fields .
general education plays a significant role in specialized education .
science today , for example , is said to be more and more specialized , but in order to solve a problem scientists have to combine knowledge from chemistry to physics .
in addition , although textbooks used in higher education are labelled particular subjects , in fact they require basic understanding of other subjects .
for instance , you sometimes need knowledge about physics to read a text on chemistry .
therefore , high school students should learn broadly and prepare future learning at university .
last but not least , students have tendency to shun difficulties .
they might avoid tough courses , but instead attend mainly mickey mouse courses and enjoy themselves too much .
this might result in limited choices in the future .
therefore , schools should be responsible for their future and protect them .
in summary , students should find interesting subjects and acquire general knowledge to prepare higher education at tertiary education .
besides , high school must be responsible for their future with well - planned curriculum .
the importance of games for adults comparing to children
as people grow up , the arguments about the importance of games arise .
some people think that , adults need playing games as children do .
however , in my opinion , games are no longer too important for them for several reasons .
the first reason is that games become unnecessary for people when their careers begin .
someone may argue that games help adults relax and become more balanced in life .
but , more often , the pressure of work and family commitment force them to abandon their lifelong hobbies , and as a result , they cannot spend enough time and effort to their favorite games as they did in 15 or 20 years ago .
for example , in my country , except for a minor part of professional athletes , the majority of people stop playing games seriously as soon as they find a decent job .
they often feel that such games become more troublesome than enjoyable for their daily lives .
another reason should be mentioned is that adults often do not pursue games as a competitive activity , while children are always keen on competition and winning .
for youngsters , maintaining their desire to win often develops many outstanding characteristics whether they participate sport events or not .
for example , my younger sister likes fencing , and thanks to her desire to win , she never gives up when facing a difficult situation , or even becoming hurt .
on the other hand , adults often consider such behaviors as childish and drop them immediately .
in fact , a competitive person usually finds it difficult to cooperate with friends and colleagues .
because of that , they no longer play games for any moderate achievements , and gradually lose their interest in such activities .
to sum up , i think adults do need to play games , but their styles are often distinct from children ' s , which are often less competitive and more enjoyable .
along with the high requirement for family and work , games are just some leisure activities for adults , not something necessary as they are meant to be for children .
opinions regarding world culture
there are many different opinions regarding world culture .
some people think that all the countries in the world cannot have a single culture .
however , in my view , a single modern culture is being created by modern technology for the following reasons .
firstly , most of the countries have the same educational system based on technology .
teachers give topics to the students who should research on the internet to find data , and then students should type their research by using computer and even give a presentation by using powerpoint .
for example , students who are studying in iran use the same software , microsoft , to type their homework or have presentation compared to canadian students .
secondly , new technology has created some similar jobs all around the world .
computer technology is a growing job in most of the countries , and students are being encouraged to study in this field .
for example , many immigrants in canada who have the degree in computer technology fields can easily go to canadian universities and find jobs with good salaries .
this example shows that jobs that are related to technology are in demand in most of the countries .
some people might argue that there are some cultures such as making foods which are unicq in each culture , and technology cannot affect them .
this point has some merits on the surface ; however , many countries such as canada , the usa , and british have many restaurants which serve many foods form different countries and cultures .
in fact , cooks can find many new food recipes easily on the internet .
for example , two days ago , i went to a canadian restaurant , and i ate noodle , sushi , which are chinese foods , and greek salad .
to sum up , new technology has affected cultures of the world , and we can see many similarities in many cultures .
in fact , new technology has influences on educational system , jobs and foods in the world .
reading fictions is more pleasant
there are many different opinions regarding hobbies .
some people would rather watch tv .
however , in my view , reading fiction is more enjoyable than watching movies for the following reasons .
firstly , fiction books pay more attention to details .
in fact , we can know characters , places , and times of a novel very well during reading it .
most of the novels describe not only main characters but also other people in the novels , where each scene is happening .
for example , after i read animal farms which is a story of russian revolution , i could understand the leaders and different segments of the russian people .
however , a movie just gives us a very small review of its stories and characters .
secondly , reading a novel is more convenient .
some novels have around 100 pages and readers cannot finish them in just one hour .
yet these people can continue to read their novels wherever they find free time such as in bus or trains .
for example , i have started to read a novel since last week .
i do not have enough time to read a novel in one day , so i usually read it when i am coming home from english class .
in contrast , i cannot watch a complete movie because i can just sit in front of tv for 15 minutes and after that , i have to study .
some people might argue that people enjoy watching tv when they know they can learn many things such as learning a language by watching movies .
this point has some merits on the surface ; however , movies are not a good idea to learn a language for beginners since characters in movies speak very fast and unclear for language learners .
for these learners it is better to start by reading some novels which are more comprehensible and enjoyable .
to sum up , reading fictions is more pleasant because these books have more depth , are much easier to use , and more useful for language learners .
various local languages are becoming extinct
today , english is commonly used language across the world .
its usage is increasing day by day .
as a consequence , various local languages are becoming extinct .
some people argue that , this is a positive change and would help people to easily communicate .
while there are others who disagree with this and are more concerned about dying local languages .
in my opinion , i believe using single language through out the world is a positive change which is helping the world to become a better place to live .
a world with fewer languages helps us interact with each other in a better way .
due to globalization , many people are traveling for professional trips .
so , communicating in single language will reduce the problems of travelers in daily activities like ordering food in a restaurant or in going around places .
furthermore , students who migrate for better education would not have to go through lot of stress as they can easily make new friends and can be part of any discussions which is otherwise not possible in a world with multiple languages ; this in turn makes it easy to adjust in new environment .
single language also reduces misunderstandings between people .
adding to that , exchange of knowledge in different sectors of research like electronics , medical , astronomy etc would become easier .
on the other hand , few people are worried about the dying local languages .
these languages are the basis for the origination and initial communication between different cultures .
they represent local culture .
as the usage of these languages decrease , culture also changes accordingly .
further , these languages are tightly coupled with history ; all the olden day literature and scripts will be impossible to decipher if these languages are lost .
to conclude , i believe change is inevitable and that usage of one language across the world is a positive one .
we have to accept these changes for a world to be a better place .
communication in single language would improve the productivity of the world and brings everyone on to the same page .
do you believe that elderly people used to live in a better world ?
changes are inseparable parts of this world which normally humans are responsible for by manipulating the environment they live in .
sometimes these changes adversely affect our lives that make elderly people think they used to live in a better world than the modern world the younger generation are experiencing .
i utterly disagree with this opinion due to technological and medical reasons .
we live in an era that technology is developing in the speed of light , steering the world toward a much more convenient place .
a clear - cut example that supports this idea is the invention of smart phones .
the strong navigation system installed on the phones has been rescued lives of many who left alone in remote areas like forests or deserts .
moreover , some people criticize social networks as tools that have ruined true relationships and friendships by reducing face - to - face communication .
in my opinion though , social networks such as facebook could foster the ties between friends and family members who are obligatorily far away from each other by keeping them in touch , the thing that was impossible less than 20 years ago .
the phenomenal progress in medical science in the last decade was a huge achievement for human being to make the world a healthier and , thus , a happier place to live in .
today , even some disabled people with serious vertebral injuries can start doing physical activities like walking again thanks to the continuingly efforts of biomechanical engineers and neurologists .
the advancement in drug delivery systems is another example that could save lives .
to be specific , scientists could invent ways to lead drugs directly to the damaged organs of the body , which is a miraculous breakthrough .
in general , the increase in the average age of human from 50 to around 75 years through last decades is a strong evidence to show how successful human was in medicine .
in conclusion , even though the people from older generation may claim they had better life as there were stronger bonds between family members and friends , i think they are wrong , since they judge the contemporary age through a personal prejudice .
in light of the above - mentioned facts , one can easily conclude that in the current world living standards stand in a much higher level and people are in better conditions socially and physically .
higher school students should be taught how to manage money
there is no doubt that money has become key ingredient in various walks of our life than before .
teaching financial management to juvenile students is always a topic of debate .
some people feel that teaching money management skill to teenage students will help them realise the importance of money , while few feel that exposing children to money math at this age may turn fatal .
in my view , i agree to that fact that higher school students should be made aware of the money management .
the reason why i think teenage students need to understand the money management basics is , primarily when secondary school students attain the age of undergoing graduation , students ought to stay in hostels or with friends and away from family , during such situations when money management is taught at an early age students will have increased sense of responsibility and confidence .
for example , while i was a kid my father used to maintain expense log for the month , i was asked to do the same for my keep track of my pocket money expenses , during my future course of life this became a practice and helped me in planning my expenses .
in addition , if financial management is taught at an early age , students will have better sense of understanding of their family financial background and status , students coming up with unrealistic whims and fancies are minimized .
for example , buying a gaming console may not be a big deal for a student from an affluent financial background .
however , for a student coming from middle class buying a gaming console may not be the need of the hour .
hence , having exposed to money management at a high school level will help them in prioritizing the financial commitments efficiently .
in conclusion , i think students understanding the money management techniques will have more positive effects than negative impact .
however , the teaching should be in a constructive manner and students should not feel that they are being bullied for every expense .
smoking should not be permitted in restaurants
generally speaking , smoking is never been good for human ' s body .
there are so many researches done to prove that a cigar contains harmful ingredients for human ' s body .
although many smokers claim that they need to smoke in order to work more effectively or to think more creatively , those reasons never proves that smoking has any benefits for human ' s body .
in my opinion , smoking should not be permitted , especially in public places like restaurants because it will make the non - smokers breathe uncomfortably .
first of all , restaurants are places where people come and pay some money to enjoy their meals .
smoking in restaurants will absolutely disturb other people in enjoying their meals .
they will not be able to enjoy their meals while breathing in smoke around them .
secondly , restaurants are places that people usually come with their families .
this means , there will be children , grandparents , as well as pregnant women inside the restaurants .
smoking in restaurants can give a bad example to the children .
children have a high potential to imitate what adults do because they have really high curiosity towards something .
smoking in restaurants also can affect the elders ' health , especially if they have problems with their hearts and lungs .
the most dangerous people that would be affected by smoke are the pregnant women because they will breathe in the contaminated air and it will disrupt the growth of the babies .
last but not least , passive smokers will have a lot of health risks .
when they are around the active smokers , they will inhale hazardous smoke .
stroke , heart disorders , hearing loss , and cancers are some diseases that can attack passive smokers .
personally speaking , it is unfair for passive smokers because they do not smoke but they have same health risks as the active one .
in conclusion , smoking should not be permitted in restaurants because there will be a lot of people get disadvantaged .
state laws that prohibit it should be upheld so the restaurant ' management can make a clear rule in their restaurants because everyone has a right to enjoy their meals .
growing violence in films has affected youngsters in a negative way ?
it ' s obvious that violent behavior is growing more in films in recent 20 years .
this matter has been considered as a way to advertise a film .
from my point of view , i believe that violence in movies has negative effects on youngsters mostly on their behaviors , emotions & study .
in the first place , children behaviors are the most concerning matter which parents are always trying to do their best .
nowadays children are more involved in tv programs .
imagine an actor who is a child ’ s favorite is doing violent roles .
in this case , the child would imitate the actor ' s behaviors in order to look like to him .
thus , unexpectedly the violent behavior has effected on child ’ s behaviors .
meanwhile , human beings are very sensitive , especially of youngsters .
for instance , dying is always a disappointing happening .
furthermore , killing is worse .
therefore , if these scenes are in tv , they would probably have their negative effects on the viewer who could be a child .
finally , beside all above mentioned items , the study of youngsters shall always been controlled .
for example , a child watches a frightening movie .
on the other hand , he has to study for the exam .
in this condition , because he is thinking about the movie or whatever has happened in it , it is obvious that he wouldn ’ t be able to concentrate on his study perfectly .
hence , the study of a youngster would affected terribly .
in conclusion , i certainly can say that growing of violence in films have definitely negative effects on youngsters mostly on their study , emotions and behaviors .
therefore , i think this matter should be controlled by parents or somehow by directors .
gossip - based information
nowadays information plays an important role in our world .
it has become a product , which can be sold , bought , or stolen .
some people say : " information is power ".
that ' s why it is so important to be well - informed .
i consider the statement above to be right for several reasons .
the first reason is that by using different sources of information we can guarantee its reliability .
some people may disinform you on purpose , that ' s why it is rather unwise to make conclusions before you are confident of the information .
for example , russian news announced that the war between osetia and georgia had been initiated by georgia , however , european news announced that it was initiated by russia .
after a while the situation became clear , but before that a lot of people had already condemned the actions of russia .
secondly , it is very important to know facts about some events or problem , not only estimations , because it can help you to make your own conclusion or estimate .
sometimes it can be really difficult to find out the facts , especially in the internet , that ' s why you have to look through different sources before you manage to find some reliable facts .
it is possible to make a wrong decision because you have just used someone ' s personal opinion as a source of information , but it was actually wrong .
for example , several years ago in moscow salt became two times more expensive only in one week , because people thought that soon there would be no salt in the shops .
the gossip - based information dramatically influenced the prices and only after official announcement the " salt - panic " was over .
to conclude , i want to say that it is very important to be confident of the information , which you use , especially when your conclusion or decision may have a great influence .
email and text messaging threats written language
the introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication .
with this situation , some people believe that they may be factors decreasing the position of written language .
i am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means .
first of all , it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging , which answers to the question of their great popularity .
before email and mobile phone , human beings communicated by meeting directly , sending letters or later , calling from home phones .
such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness , difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information .
however , email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above .
people can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want .
especially , thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging ( sms ), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information , even to many people at the same time .
they are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways .
the popularity of email and text messaging , as a result , leads to the losing of written language ' s position .
people tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities .
the outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form .
even in some cases , people compose a message with only emoticons ( the expressions by face created by service providers ), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts .
moreover , it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying , writing assignments .
if that tendency continues at a rapid pace , written language may face up to a real problem about its stand .
in conclusion , we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity .
nevertheless , educators and individuals themselves , especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one .
old buildings should be preserved
the preservation of old buildings always is a large question for governments because conflict between the issues of housing for citizens and the protection of our culture .
in my opinion , all of the old building which contribute to our sense of culture should be conserved .
there are different reasons which persuade that people should not restore old buildings .
as a result of the rapid urbanization process , in which rural people must go to urban centers to look for job opportunities , the question of the preservation of old buildings has become more pressing .
because of that need , governments can construct more accommodation instead of preserving old buildings .
besides that , the preservation is very expensive because all components of old buildings have historical values .
old buildings are an essential part of history .
tourist often decide to discover the culture of a country when they visit through those old buildings .
therefore , managers of cities can earn more money from the attraction provided by old buildings and that amount can be spent on their conservation .
furthermore , the preservation of old buildings is also a ways to conserve our culture and everyone can learn much from them .
old buildings should be used as the culture museums and provide accommodation with more convenient for people who live there . .
many cities have development strategies as a city contains both unique and modern beauty , and that preservation help to finish half of work .
overall , both of those view have strong arguments : the need for housing or the expense of restoration contrast with our desire to conserve culture and attract tourism .
so i think we should restore those building because old buildings process the most outstanding feature of areas which contain them .
popularity of mobile phones to young people
nowadays , many young people consider mobile phone as the most important thing in their lives as it keeps them constantly organized and it provides much convenience for them to reach out their families and friends .
despite all these positive aspects , i think that the popularity of mobile phones to the young generation is a bad development .
first of all , many young owners of cellular phones are struggling at school because they are distracted most of the time with their phones .
games and applications installed in phones have occupied much of their time , leaving them lesser time for their studies and other school activities .
similarly , internet capable phones help influence the young ones to become more interested in chatting and social sites rather than doing school works .
in my college days , i was once addicted to a certain game on my cellular phone .
i have spent most of my time trying to reach a higher level to show - off to my friends .
that goal has led me to my lost in interest on doing my homework and i ended up failing one subject in that semester .
secondly , juveniles who possess mobile phones have great tendencies to become materialistic .
they would not only purchase a phone because of its functionality but also for its brand .
relatively , these do not come at a significant and inexpensive cost .
furthermore , most of these juveniles are students so they would need their parents to support them financially for what they want .
an illustration of this unfortunate trend can be seen almost everywhere these days , wherein most teens at an early age own phones which are worth twice the salary of their parents .
this clearly shows that the negative impacts brought about by mobile phones are harmful to a person ’ s education and character .
therefore , i highly discourage the young ones to be overly dependent on mobile phones .
leisure activities - spend your free time outdoors or indoors .
people often relax themselves by joining leisure activities .
some people prefer to spend their free time indoors .
but from my experience , i myself prefer to spend my leisure time outdoors because i strongly feel that it is good for health and keep my body fit .
also , outdoor activities enable me to socialize with other people and enjoy natural beauty .
there are strong advantages to spend leisure time outdoors .
one benefit is that doing outdoor activities such as soccer and baseball is good for one ' s health .
for instance , last year , i spent my summer time playing soccer and baseball .
playing baseball provided my upper body for hitting and throwing .
soccer , on the other hand , developed my lower body for kicking and endurance for playing full 90 - minute - games .
i belive that practicing these sports helped me greatly .
something else that is good is that playing these sports is to keep my body fit , make me ultimately refreshed .
after that summer , my body is stronger and endurance is better .
outdoor activities not only improves my health but also gives me chances to communicate with more people .
when i was ten years old , i was a shy girl .
my mother took me to the national camp .
at first , i just ate and played alone .
but on the third day , while i was swimming , a friendly girl came and greeted me , we became friend later and she taught me how to swim effectively .
on the next day , we played together and she introduced me to her friends .
thanks to her and outdoor activities such as going skiing , climbing the mountain , i had a lot of friends since the national camp .
if , for example , i hadn ' t participate in that camping , i wouldn ' t have had many friends like today .
moreover , you can also enjoy the beautiful nature when doing some outdoor activities like going hiking , sunbathing , going biking .
if you spend your spare time at home or something like that , you can ' t enjoy beautiful nature .
spending time outdoors , people can breathe fresh air , feel the warm sun on their face and enjoy the complete peace that only nature brings .
admittedly , indoor activities are fun .
there ' s no doubt that indoor activities like reading a book , watching tv or listening to music can bring us lots of joy .
although i can also have fun in indoor activities , this advantage cannot outweigh the attractions coming from outdoor activities .
after all , people are people and we have our own propensity .
leisure activities are one of them and i myself choose outdoor activities to spend my leisure time .
cheap air travel should be encouraged ?
in recent years , many airlines offer to their customers more and more number of cheap flights .
people have various different views about cheap air travel .
although there are good arguments in favour of this trend should be encouraged , i personally think that cheap flight can make many serious problem .
it is undeniable that cheap air fares have broadened travel possibilities for many people , particularly for the lower income group .
these days , millions of people can travel around the world for work or pleasure .
they can develop their careers , broad their knowledge , and interact with many other people from varied cultural backgrounds .
moreover , travels also help to promote the tourist industry development , boost the economy and job markets of many countries .
on the other hand , growing of cheap flights really have negative impact on environment .
apparently , more flights could mean bigger and busier airport that may be grown the air pollution for people who live and work close to it .
however , the biggest concern is the effect on global warming .
burning plane fuel can releases carbon dioxid into environment that cause the earth to heat up .
in fact , while many efforts are being made to reduce co2 emissions from cars and factories , nothing is being done to reins the airlines .
in conclusion , i would argue that the drawbacks of cheap air fares outweigh the benefits .
however , it does not mean that air travel should be more expensive .
instead , people should be aware of their responsibility to reduce the emissions caused by their lifestyle choices .
salary increases and promotions to new positions are not the only ways
it is unquestionable that salary increases and promotions to new positions are very common way to reward employees for good work .
besides the methods , from my point of view , providing professional training can be effective in encouraging further good work .
my arguments for this point are listed follows .
firstly , training time can provide employee interesting time outside working office to refresh their mind .
clearly , in company we always have to deal with so many stressful situations such as negotiating with difficult customer , complaining from boss , etc .
therefore , we can unleash uncomfortable in training classes by making new friends , joking in class , enjoying new knowledge .
secondly , employees fell that they are valuable if they are trained .
in this case , the employees know that their company is investing on them for future development of their company .
so obviously , they will think about develop long term career with their company .
for another thing , employees will be very proud of themselves when they are provided training while others don ' t have this opportunity .
thirdly , providing training will make employees happy with their current job because it help them improve their professional business knowledge .
having professional training help employees gain more confidence in their business , so i believe that they will finish their jobs with excellent result .
of course , excellent working result will make them very happy as well as their boss .
in conclusion , providing professional training as a reward for good work has many advantages .
training can help employees refresh their mind as well as make them happy , focus on work .
taking into account of all these factors , we may reach the conclusion that training can be effective in encouraging further good work .
attending university classes should be required or optional
attending university ' s classes is one of activities that students have to do .
however , class is not the only source of knowledge .
students also learn from other sources such as experience , libraries and other people .
i think going to classes should be optional for students for the following reasons .
firstly , the reason why university students should not be required to attend class is sometimes the students in the university can learn better from other sources outside the class room .
student can also study by themselves in the library and focus on only the topic they do not understand .
for example , i have a close friend who was in the same department with me in the university .
she learned quickly and understood everything in class so fast .
thus , she rarely went to class but spent most time to understand confusing topic .
finally , she got very good grade when she was graduation .
secondly , students should not be required to attend classes because they can manage the time spending on classes to do other benefit things if they already understand topic in the class very well .
in my experience , many times i did not attend biology class because my university does not require the students to attend classes .
also , i had already studied all biology topics before attending university .
as a result , i spent the time of biology class to do my chemistry research and got a + for both biology and chemistry .
in conclusion , i think the students should know what activities they should do at the time and have good management for their learning time .
also , they have to know how to deal with the effects from not attending classes .
so that , attending classes in the university will not be required to the students anymore .
small town vs . big city ( opportunities , entertainment , job places )
in a few years i will finish my studying in the university and i will have to decide whether to live in a small town or a big city .
as i am eager to get a good job and explore different places , i think i would prefer to live in a city .
big city life provides many opportunities .
first of all , it will be easier for me to find an engineering job in the city .
electrical engineering deals with problems concerning electricity supply .
therefore , a big city can offer me many more vacancies than a small town .
at the weekends , there is a great number of things to do in the metropolis .
there are numerous bars , cafes and restaurants where i can go with my friends .
multinational cities have restaurants with different national cuisines .
i am fond of italian food , and if there is an italian restaurant in the city , i will definitely visit it .
a night club is an interesting place to visit for young people .
there a person can listen to music , make new friends or enjoy a a drink alone .
cultural life of a metropolis is always an entertaining one .
i am keen on museums and it would be a pleasure for me to spend several hours a week in front of famous paintings , sculptures or artifacts .
on special dates , city offers free exhibitions which are available for everyone who is interested in art .
what ' s more , cities have better medical facilities than in the countryside .
this can at least assure me that if i feel bad , city can provide a high quality help .
in conclusion , while small towns have picturesque nature and pure air , big cities offer countless amount of opportunities and entertainment places .
considering all the benefits , i would choose to live in a big city .
computers have made life easier
the advent of the computer is one of the results of the development of the advantaged technology .
while some people advocate for the idea that computers have made life more complex and stressful , others support the idea that computers have made life easier and more convenient .
in my point of view , computers brought convenience and easiness to our life since they enabled easier access to information and increased qualities of the communication .
first , computers through internet made our access to information easier .
through computers we can collect appropriate data very quickly , store it in the hard disc as long as we want and use it when needed .
search engines such as google , yandex with many features relevant to the characteristics of the information needed enable search of information in few minutes .
social networks such as facebook , twitter have changed traditional sources of information and decreasing the monopolization of the information by the governments .
hence , with the use of computers we spend less time in search for information , and can get it from different sources .
second , in a globalized world that we live computers made communications faster , visual and cheaper .
with the use of email our messages can be delivered to any person in any part of the world in few minutes .
in addition , it is convenient because you do not need to mile to the post office , but just click the mouse of your computer from the convenience of your arm chair in order to reach your friends , family members in any part of the world .
internet facilities such as msn , skype made visual communication possible .
for example , via skype people not just communicate with their family members and friends , but also make interviews for employment , enrolment into universities .
in result , communication has become cheaper , faster and visual .
finally , i believe that computers have made life easier and more convenient in the ways that it broadened the sources of information and made access more quick , a long with the improving quality of the communication in many ways .
computers have made it possible for office workers to do their work
some people think that working at home brings to workers and employees too much convenience , but i don ' t .
because the best conditions are sometimes not likely to be good as the expectation of people .
working without pressure and interaction are some examples for these disadvantages .
pressure is motivation .
each office has its rules that keep workers do their job as effectively as possible .
the directors manage employers and give them the deadline of projects .
then again , the workers must try their best to finish the time limit .
doing all jobs at home don ' t make employees attempt to work like this .
computers and modems bring works to home but these still have many things distract their mind .
facebook or yahoo have been the entertaining websites , however , they are the reasons why people cannot concentrate on their job .
the dos and don ' t at office play important role to prevent these things from workers .
in condition , doing all jobs alone makes employees fall asleep easily .
as a result , the project cannot being done .
the best condition might not be good for people .
interaction has been an advantage for workers at offices .
discussing and debating projects together increase working ability because all we know that the target can be reached fast thanks to working of many people .
besides , interaction help employees improve their communicational skills , therefore , they will have more and more friends and relationships .
interaction is a factor increasing working quality .
there will have many disadvantages if the workers work at home .
mitigating process , no interaction and pressure are these things people should examine when they want to work at home .
technological progress in the past century has its negative effect
in the past few decades , there were many remarkable achievements in technology fields that have numbers of beneficial effects on the whole society or individuals , although bringing some disadvantages to us .
on one hand , the development of technology can prompt economic growth and the improvement of living standards .
scientists and engineers have invented many novel products and tools , which play an important role in economic activity .
because of the technology of internet and air transportation , businessmen are able to handle plenty of international trade and financial transactions .
this also helps many countries to more efficiently export their products to the world and increase their revenue .
besides , advanced technology enables people to enhance their living - level and health care standard .
with the improvement of medical technology , it is obvious that the life expectancy in many countries has been significantly longer than before , and many serious diseases are under control .
digital entertainment technology allows people to enjoy playing interactive video games and watching three - dimensional movies , and this means that we could get more happiness from technology .
on the other hand , the development of technology is likely to bring some negative effects on the environment and society .
people utilize architecture technology to construct buildings to expand urban areas , and fuel companies apply drilling technology to extract a great amount of fossil oil in natural regions .
this would pose a large threat to the ecology and environment .
vehicle technology enables many people to drive private cars , and emission of exhaust gas could lead to air pollution in large cities .
in conclusion , although technological progress causes corresponding problems , it still provides us with much more advantages .
using animals for the benefit of the human beings
with the rapid development of the standard of people ' s life , increasing numbers of animal experiments are done , new medicines and foods , for instance .
some opponents says that it is cruel to animals and nature , however , i believe that no sensible person will deny that it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals .
in my essay , i will discuss this issue from twofold aspects .
first of all , as we all know , animals are friendly and vital for people , because if there are no animals in the world , the balance of nature will broke down , and we , human , will die out as well .
the animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals .
in other words , doing this various testing is a hazard of human ' s future and next generation .
though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance , it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life .
to begin with , it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious , and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying .
the new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human ' s life .
thus even if they are volunteers ; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines .
furthermore , it also have potentially harm for human ' s health without any testing .
to sum up , i reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals ' profits , the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits .
zoos have no useful purpose ?
have you ever seen a real life bear or a monkey ?
if you did , it was probably at a zoo .
zoos are big outdoor spaces in which different animal species are kept , so that people can look , learn and admire them .
a lot of people think that zoos have no use , or provide no purpose .
i strongly disagree with this affirmation because i believe zoos provide social interaction , education , and develop qualities such as animal respect and understanding .
when people visit the zoo , they normally do it in a group , with their families , or as a part of a school group activity .
in the zoo they interact with each other and are able to relax and look at the animals , play with some of them , comment on their appearance and behavior , and laugh at their funny customs .
nowadays families do not spend as much time together as they used to a couple of decades ago .
the zoo is a great reason for spending time with the family , it is a great activity that can be enjoyed every family member , from little children to grandparents .
animals , the different species , their habitats and behaviors are a subject of study at schools and universities .
we can learn a lot from books and lectures , but there is an even better way to learn , that is visuals and personal experience .
if you visit the zoo , you get to watch the animals , their customs , what they eat and how they eat it , as well as which characteristics the different species have .
in the zoo you can see an animal and their different variations , the male and the female or the baby and the adult .
it offers a great opportunity to observe their reactions to different situations , such as weather , specie and genre interaction , defense behavior , or protection of their babies .
moreover , it will also help identify which animals could be dangerous .
visiting the zoo would help the students understand what they learn at school .
finally , a visit to the zoo will help increasing someone ' s respect and appreciation for animals .
it is a lot easier to appreciate something after you have seen it , and learned from it .
this is especially true for people living in the city , where the only animals they normally interact with are pets like cats and dogs .
in the present there is a lack of respect for animals .
being able to see the animals in real life and learning facts about them would help by making people aware of the importance of animals and the respect they deserve .
the reason why most people oppose to zoos is that in some of them the animals are not very well taken care of and they do not have good and clean facilities .
this is mostly true but does not relate to the purpose of zoos .
it would be great if every zoo kept the animals in perfect conditions , but regardless of the condition , zoos are very useful .
serious or entertaining movies
i prefer the serious movies which are simple , touching and powerful .
here are my reasons .
first , most serious movies have a wide variety of content .
entertaining movies are created to amuse people .
however , most entertaining movies are empty and nonsensical .
compared with the entertainment film , the serious film may be more worthwhile and meaningful .
serious movies usually designed to express one or more thinking about love , humaneness ; moreover , it may point out the dark sides of the society .
second , not all of serious movies are boring .
" click " is a very interesting comedy , with a serious approach about the importance of having a balanced life between family and work businesses .
the movie is humorous and satiric , which leads us to think what is the most valuable of our lives , and it reminds us how important our families are .
thus , the hidden meanings of serious movies are usually beyond words and images which make us think about ourselves .
moreover , some of serious movies try to make you think about the dark sides of the world .
" blood diamond ", an adaptation of a real story in south africa , focuses on the link between diamonds and conflict .
after watching the movie , we may learn a lesson between jewels and death .
diamonds are not rare or a sign of true love ; indeed , the hidden meaning of a diamond is a cruel reality .
as a result , serious movie tell you how to see the world in a different way .
for the above reasons , i prefer to see those serious movies which make people have deep thoughts toward their real lives .
overemphasizing on personal lives of famous people by media
as a mass media majoring student , i think that it ' s true that media is overemphasizing the personal lives of famous people in this modern society .
in my point of view , disadvantages of overemphasizing on personal lives of famous people by media outweigh its advantages .
my reasons include the following : it is no doubt that the media provide information about an event that recently occurred somewhere and which is important to the people .
the most important of all is that the essence of coverage accurate and not based on gossip .
however , journalism is changing .
some reporters are more interested with gossip than news relating to public issues , paying too much attention to the personal lives of famous people .
first of all , gossip involves misleading images for the purpose of boosting newspaper sales or exciting public opinion .
the audience may see a lot of photos in the kind of reports , which seems to tell a story .
moreover , it is unfair that the ridiculous coverage may be a vexation for the famous people who are reported .
furthermore , sensationalism distract the viewers from public or social problems .
the media face the challenge that media executives must choose the content , which can attract the audience .
thus , these personal reports of famous people , unimportant information or distorted stories , will not solve problem related with the society .
in other words , yellow journalism block the viewers from significant news , such as education , environment and public issues .
based on the above discussion , i agree with that paying too much attention on personal lives of famous people may be a serious problem .
why people visit museums ?
as a lover of travel , a quintessence of any visit to an excellent museum of a new place would be the best part of a tour , which can be explained by the following reasons .
primary , it is easy to know the history of the new place .
last year , i went to ellis island and the immigration museum , where is a symbol of american immigration and the immigrant experience in the new york .
through the exhibit , i found that the statue of liberty symbolized freedom , and ellis island may be the place , where the immigration took their dreams and fears .
thus , museums can help us know the history and the customs of a new place .
secondary , visiting a well - known museum also can broaden our horizon .
those outstanding and diverse range of objects , with classic and magnificent art , is guaranteed to inspire us !
in my city , national palace museum is celebrated for collection of ancient chinese artifacts .
to my astonishment , jadeite cabbage is the most famous artistic work , which is made of jade , is vividly shown .
moreover , a local museum could be a top choice and destination for tourist to visit .
someone take a trip without making any plans , so they may waste their time on shopping or staying at their hotel .
as a result , visiting a museum saves their precious time for making a decision .
most important of all , a local museum represent its own typical culture so that visitors may easily acquaint with the new place in a short time .
for the above reasons , if we have a chance to visit top museums in the world , we must stop by these museums .
during our trip , it is worthwhile for us to visit a museum of a new place .
i believe it is a good idea to build a large shopping center in our community
i believe that it is a good idea to build a large shopping center in our community .
the following are my reasons .
in the first place , the establishment of a large shopping center will provide the residents a more convenient place to go shopping .
here is a positive example : queens center mall , a shopping mall located in queens borough of new york city , provides a wide vairtey of stores , products and services , from clothing to electronics and restaurants , that consumers can choose .
it is widely thought that it is one of the most productive malls in new york .
i found that i could find virtually every brand or store , including macy ' s and jcpenney , when i visited there .
as far as i am concerned , a large shopping mall provides a location for residents to pursue during their leisure time .
furthermore , it not only provides a place to shop but also offer people jobs .
there may be a great number of job vacancies in the need of opening the new stores in the shopping mall .
it could be an opportunity for people who are looking for a part - time job or a full time job .
some students and retirees may work there in order to whiling away their free time and earning money .
lastly , it is more likely for us to buy goods in lower price in the shopping center , and save our time on the other hand .
there may be a competition between the new shopping center and other existing stores to attract the customers .
accordingly , with sales promotion , it is easy for consumers to compare the price of the same merchandise before they buy .
in addition , the residents do not have a problem spending time on commute in the hope of setting up a shopping center near their homes .
for the above - mentioned reasons , i advocate building a big shopping center in my neighborhood , which will be beneficial to our community .
what is a very important skill a person should learn
some people think that life is a struggle , which means we may encounter numerous difficulties during our lives .
accordingly , stress management , how to survive our unbearable stress , is the most important skill that we should have .
here are my reasons .
stress , our body ' s way of responding to any kind of demand , can be caused by both good and bad experiences .
stress may be a positive mobilization to drive for success .
however , it is widely thought that we experience stress any time , which comes across unexpectedly that frustrates our goals .
as a result , if we don ' t have a good stress management skill , it may lead to some critical problems .
in the frenetic , fast - paced world , it is a very common predicament that all of us , from the young to the senior , feel depressed caused by stress , such as financial problems , exam stress , relationship difficulties and work overload .
some people regard stress as a power , which overcomes the obstacles to motivate themselves to do their best ; other people cannot charge of their thoughts , emotions , and the way they deal with problems .
therefore , stress management recently becomes a more significant issue in our realization .
furthermore , stress takes a toll on our health .
it is known that the modern life is frequently full of hassles , frustrations , and demands .
this is one of the reasons why people were overwhelmed by constant stress .
thus , some people have physical problems , such as insomnia and headaches .
melancholia , the most fatal problem , even leads some people to commit suicide .
consequently , it is necessary that we should reduce and cope with our stress in the goal of balancing our mind and body .
to avoid being a pessimist , we may try to conquer our distress by sharing our worry with friends or families , doing exercise regularly , and trying to see our troubles in a different way .
for the above reasons , i believe that stress management is an essential skill for everyone to learn and find their own way to solve their stress .
establishing a new university in your community
i will be happy to hear that the government has a plan to build a new university in my community .
there are many advantages setting up the university such as more opportunities to people in the community to pursue their studies , creation of jobs .
however , they come together with some disadvantages such as social problems .
this new university will allow a great number of people in my community to have a chance to study .
for example , suppose you live in a faraway community where there is no single university and you might not want to leave your family .
if you would like to attend a business school , you have to travel across the country to get to a distant university .
he or she definitely can get in the business school in the proposed community ' s university .
undoubtedly , the university will have to hire professors , employees and etc .
thus , a number vacant positions need to be filled .
also there will be more opportunities to work in the community .
moreover , when people have jobs , they will have money to spend on goods and services .
this can also help stimulate the local economy .
however , building the university may lead to some social problems .
a number of people then may come from any other communities in order to get in to or get the jobs at the university .
when many people congregate in one place , i think that some kinds of social problems will follow .
traffic may worsen .
more wastes have to be managed .
maybe crime rate will also increase .
these social problems may impair the quality of life in the community .
in sum , i myself agree with the plan to build the university .
i believe the benefit from it will outweigh the cost .
however , it would be indispensable that the government conduct a survey about the community opinion on the new university first .
television versus friends and family
we all know that television provides us many benefits ; it helps people relax , helps keep up with news , helps broad our mind .
however , have you ever thought that television has destroyed communication among friends and family ?
i personally consider this fact as the harmful thing that television has brought upon us .
first of all , since people watch television too much , they can be isolated from others .
children , for example , pay more attention on movies , music show provided by television and do not want to do anything else such as going to school or practicing exercise with friends will be taken apart by others .
gradually , their friends leave them behind either activities or studying .
secondly , with the rapid change of the standard of life , each family has three or four tv in each room is more common .
parents and even children do not want to communicate with each other instead of watching tv in their own room .
as a consequence , children will learn behavior from what they see on tv not from their parents .
moreover , parents are not able to function their parental care as the necessary thing to children .
in this way , communication between family members is visibly destroyed .
last but not least , watching too much television people will unconsciously learn bad behavior that sow division among human .
for example , watching film about terrorist children will be able to consider terrorism as a right thing .
what happens if they do act exactly the terrorist in hollywood movies does ?
is this one of the reason cause division in society ?
in conclusion , though television has some good sides , it has destroyed communication among friends and family .
we need to quickly find the way to address this problem as soon as possible and the first concern is to reducing violent behaviors that children learn from television .
live football game at a stadium
have you ever traveled along to support your home football team during tournaments ?
have you attended at a stadium to watch your team ' s match , yell or even cry with the team and their thousands of fans there ?
if you have a great love with football and your home team , it is much more gratifying to stay side by side and cheer up the team at the stadium rather than just to stay at home and watch the match alone .
first , attending a live football match is very fulfilling .
before the match starts , thousands of fans gathering outside of the stadium with team flags , colorful outfits , sound of trumpets and rattles ... everywhere .
as the game kicks off , the atmosphere inside the stadium is even more exciting .
you are watching football stars play the game with your own eyes and sharing your feelings with about 40 , 000 people at the stadium , such an excitement you can never have when you are watching it at home .
everybody yells and sings together , the stadium is like bursted out whenever a goal is scored .
see , you will be bored if you are watching it alone .
second , watching a live football game is an exceptional experience .
you can watch it at home , but " easy come , easy go ", you will quickly forget it , like a movie .
the tickets to get in the stadium may be a little expensive , but you will gain much more entertainment value from the game .
you can cherish your experience for a long time .
furthermore , it can be an exclusive experience .
if it is a crucial win to acclaim a trophy , you will be " on site " to witness and celebrate the victory .
in conclusion , watch a football match on television it is comfortable and pleasing , but watching the match live at the stadium is more enjoyable .
it can be unforgettable moments in your life .
fossil fuels will soon be replaced ?
although renewable resources of energy are elements of the current and future energy strategy , as far as i ' m concerned , these new forms of energy cannot soon replace fossil fuels such as gases , oil , and coal .
firstly , due to the limitation of technology renewable resources are relatively expensive .
researches in renewable energy cost a huge amount of money which developing countries cannot afford .
on the other hand , fossil fuels are abundant and inexpensive in many areas .
for example , it is estimated that china has the largest deposit of coal in the world and the government does not want to invest too much money on new forms of energy , say expensive solar batteries and wind farms .
thus the plan of renewable resources of energy may face challenges in that not every country can afford the reforming .
besides , although utility companies claim that renewable energy is environmentally friendly ; these new forms of energy may not be as clean and green as we think .
latest studies have shown that these renewable resources of energy are problematic as well and they are very likely to pose long - term environmental hazards .
for example , the dams built for hydroelectricity influence the water flows of the rivers and sometimes cause drought in areas in front of the dams .
this damages the habitats of many valuable fish and wading birds .
more importantly , the accumulation of heavy metal in the silt on the bottom of the rivers behind the dams is extremely difficult and expensive to clean up ; leaving problems for the following generations .
thus renewable resources are not as reliable as we think .
admittedly contemporarily fossil fuels cause serious environmental conundrums such as acid rain , deduction of ozone layer and global warming ; these problems can be solved by improving efficiency of the mechanism and reducing emissions .
for example we can use chemicals to desulfurize the emissions from plants and vehicles to avoid acid rain .
these improving methods are often cheaper and simpler compared to the high - tech of renewable energy .
with these solutions fossil fuels seem more sustainable .
in conclusion as promising as renewable resources of energy sound , there is no way those new forms of energy will replace fossil fuels soon .
television is the culprit for destroying communication between friends & family
it is very hard to find a home that does not have a television .
nowadays , number of television channels and programs are increasing everyday .
unfortunately , most of people do not have a plan for make a limitation or schedule for watching television .
i agree with that idea that television devastate families ties .
in spite of enjoying watching television shows , it is really time consuming task .
emergence of new television channels or shows are not surprising .
we kill time by tracking these channels so at the end of the day we understand it is late for doing any other activities .
this is a problem that suffers all of us everyday .
at the end , there is no time for call to our parents or friends .
second , i think watching television programs makes us lazy .
we usually spend our times in front of television for at least three ours a day when we come back home after eight - hour working in the office .
hence , we do not have time to spend for healthy activity such as going to a gym or doing other sports .
this makes us a lazy person who prefers to do sedentary activities like watching television shows rather than be active and sociable .
last but not least , some television programs have a negative effect on viewers .
some thriller or action movies advertise negative activities such as doing criminal activity .
these genre of programs has more negative effects on our teenagers .
they usually try to mimic what they see on movies in their daily behaviors .
to sum up , killing our time , making us lazy , and advertising negative behaviors are just only few reasons to show how television is destructive .
i think it is a global problem to solve this problem and it is need global contribution to find a solution .
physical exercise should be required part of every school day
although some people believe that students should spend the whole day on academic studies , i nevertheless believe that physical exercise is a crucial part of every school day .
exercise is good not only for having a good health body , but also for the mind .
in addition , including exercise in children ' s daily routine , it is a good way to teach them the importance of physical activity from an early age .
physical activity helps children to grow up physically healthier .
as studies have shown that the rate of obesity in children has increased every year , it will be very beneficial for children to have a daily physical activity and get a break from being sitting several hours at school .
in addition , exercise will help them to not be less exposed to illness related with cardiovascular , higher blood and cholesterol issues .
daily exercise will help also to develop children ' s brain function .
it is well known how important it is to exercise regularly to help the body system to work better .
when people exercise , the respiratory system ' s function is enhanced , helping all organs , including the brain , to get more oxygen in .
daily exercise will provide children with a mental break which will boost them to be efficient learners .
having children in the daily exercise routine from an early age will teach them the important value of having physical activity in their every day routine .
children are bombarded with lectures about nutrition and physical activity ; however , they will be more beneficed if that knowledge can be put in practice .
moreover , they can stick with the routine and make the daily physical activities a good habit on their whole life .
including physical activity in children ' s school day should be strongly considered .
it will meliorate not only mental and body health , but also will establish in children a habit of doing it , giving them the opportunity to measure the worth of including such an important activity in their daily live schedules .
do you think it is good for teenagers to work while schooling ?
in my opinion , it is not the good idea for teenagers to have job while they are still students .
although , many argue that it provide good working experience , but i think it can interfere with their life in various ways .
having jobs would affect the health of the student .
it divert their mind from studies and would take away their childhood phase from their life .
a student has to do lots of studies in today ' s competitive world to prove himself .
he has to spend his most of time in school to get a good grades .
if the student get involved himself in job in rest of the time , then it would cause an extra burden on them .
furthermore , jobs has various responsibilities like attendance , sometimes extra work and so on .
this would result in stress , tension and tiredness .
they won ' t be able to get proper time for relaxation , sleep .
thus , would affect their mental and physical health .
another reason , jobs can divert students from their studies .
if students started earning in earlier age in their life , then they get attracted towards money .
they feel themselves independent and would prefer to work more for money .
this would affect their studies , they loose their interest from studies .
moreover , they drop out their studies so as to earn more money .
in addition to this , the main drawback of teenagers job is that , they miss out the fun of their childhood time .
he would miss various childhood activities such as hang out with friends , clubs and fun activities and social interaction with others .
they have whole life to do job and prove themselves , but the childhood phase will never return in their life .
therefore , they should take advantage of life as much possible they can .
thus , for a teenager it is important to pay attention on their studies .
having job would affect their health , divert them from studies and take away one of the important phase from their life .
studying alone or in a group
when i found the chance of studying in a group with my classmates , i wished i can go back in time and took all my exams again .
i personally prefer studying in a group due to these noticeable features , getting help from other students , improving my attitude for learning , managing my time in an effective way .
when pupils make a group for studying , all member of group have the same chance to help each other .
they can work together for understanding the complicated aspect of a course .
for example , when a group faces with complex math problem , they can share their opinions to solve it .
in addition , such a remarkable effect has incorporation that all students can improve their weak points in a group .
increasing the motivation and competence spirit are another benefit of group - studying .
in a group of student , the best of those always encourages others to study harder .
besides , pupils often have a tangible competence in order that they can get the highest grade in a group .
clearly , better learning is one of noticeable result of these competences and encouragements .
when the students study with their friends , they should have schedule to use their time in an effective manner .
group - studying causes some kind of internal obligation to manage the time , inasmuch as we always care about other people and we do not want to waste their time .
therefore , time management is another brilliant benefit of group - studying .
in conclusion , i strongly prefer studying in a group of my friends because of some important opportunities gaining with this activity .
i can receive some helps from other student as well as improving my learning skills , also managing of time is another achievements of group - studying .
now , it is time to start without any regret from my previous exams .
should animals be free or live in zoos ?
many people state that zoos are a great asset to animals .
others believe that they are inferior creatures and therefore do not deserve our attention .
in my opinion , we must help animals live safely and comfortably in their own environment .
many scientific studies have revealed the detriment that zoos have caused to animals .
firstly , like we , human beings , animals are delivered to this world with genetic instincts .
skills which help them live and survive in their residing areas .
when we captivate animals and put them to live a style of life that they are unfamiliar with , they begin to loose those in - born instincts .
hence , when they are released or in the worst case , when they escape , they act disorientated and this contributes to the animal mortality rate .
in addition to the previous point , various zoos do not have the proper implements or policies that assure the quality of animal care .
for instance , i recall my first trip to a zoo , at age eight .
i was shocked by the cruelty which animals were treated .
i can not think of any staff memeber who did not have an improper behaviour towards the animlas in the zoo .
they beat them up because they did not wanted to eat their meals and then excused themselves saying that it was a way to train the animals .
in conclusion , i strongly believe that we have to assit animals and provide them the best quality of life possible .
scientific facts showed the damage that zoos can inflict on animals .
moreover , many zoos do not meet the standards of care required for them .
a university plans to devlope a new research centre in your country
most of the universities in the world seek to develop some research in some countries .
these researches can be aimed for several fields such as business or agriculture .
if a university plans to develop a new research in my country and i have to choose between establishing a centre for business research or a centre for agriculture research , i would opt for the second one .
first of all , my country has a lot of land which is useful for the agriculture .
most of these lands are left without any treatment .
the centre for research in agriculture can help my co - citizens to better exploit these land .
this centre can also help people there to solve their issues related to their land .
especially , if they have no knowledge or education in this field .
secondly , the centre for research in agriculture helps the economy of my country to improve .
the agriculture field has only thirty percent as a market part .
the centre of research can raise the market part of this field by developing the agriculture products .
for example , the dates are the most important agriculture product in my country .
the centre of research for agriculture can make some research in how to get a good quality of this product , how to treat the palme and maybe how to treat the land of the palms .
another reason that makes the centre of research for the agriculture more important than the centre of business research is that the first one can create a lot of jobs .
obviously , showing people how to exploit a land and get good agriculture products will push people to think about working in the field of agriculture rather than working in business or other field to make money .
some people think that a centre of business research is more important because we have to be in parallel with the advanced countries which have focused in business field .
for me being a developed country does not mean that we have to focus only in business , but we have to focus on what really bring us to the level of self satisfaction , and the agriculture for our country is the field that can realize that .
my country need to focus more on the agriculture by establishing centers for research in this field , which will have some very positive consequences on agriculture people work , on the economy and on the employment .
people learn in different ways and what teaching method do you prefer ?
people have a lot of things to learn in their lives .
they use several ways to broaden their knowledge and their skills .
one of these several ways of learning that i prefer is doing things by my self rather than learning by reading about things or learning by listening to people talking about .
there are a lot of reasons to recommend this method for who is serious about learning some thing in their lives .
first of all , learning by doing things develops our maturity .
when you do things by your self , you learn to depend on yourself .
you will not be in need to refer to books or persons .
the fact of doing things by ourselves can help us to get some experiences that would strong our maturity .
for example if some one wants to learn how to be a leader , they have to experience this by being in a real situation of leading a team or a group , or even a situation .
we can not be leaders by reading books or by listening to person talking about leading .
secondly , learning by doing things is more exciting than learning by reading about things or listening to people talking about .
there are a lot of things in life that should be learnt by doing them .
reading about things or listening to people talking about can rarely submit the same sensation or the same excitement to some one who wants to learn about the same thing .
people who want to learn how to swim have to go to the beach or to the swimpool and laid themselves in the water to feel and know what is swimming .
nor listening to people or reading about can teach them swimming .
another reason that makes learning by doing things more advantageous than learning by reading about things or listening to people talking about is that we find more motivation to continuing on learning by doing things .
with the time , reading about things or listening to people talking about could become more and more boring .
learning by doing things gives us more and more pleasure especially if we success in learning perfectly this things .
so we become motivated to learn other things by doing them .
the history shows that learning by doing things is the best way and the best method to learn things .
people should not depend only on reading or listening to people talking about things to learn .
they should try and keep trying until they learn what they want to learn .
cheap air travel should be encouraged ?
in recent years , many airlines offer to their customers more and more number of cheap flights .
people have various different views about cheap air travel .
although there are good arguments in favour of this trend should be encouraged , i personally think that cheap flight can make many serious problem .
it is undeniable that cheap air fares have broadened travel possibilities for many people , particularly for the lower income group .
these days , millions of people can travel around the world for work or pleasure .
they can develop their careers , broad their knowledge , and interact with many other people from varied cultural backgrounds .
moreover , travels also help to promote the tourist industry development , boost the economy and job markets of many countries .
on the other hand , growing of cheap flights really have negative impact on environment .
apparently , more flights could mean bigger and busier airport that may be grown the air pollution for people who live and work close to it .
however , the biggest concern is the effect on global warming .
burning plane fuel can releases carbon dioxide into environment that cause the earth to heat up .
in fact , while many efforts are being made to reduce co2 emissions from cars and factories , nothing is being done to reins the airlines .
in conclusion , i would argue that the drawbacks of cheap air fares outweigh the benefits .
however , it does not mean that air travel should be more expensive .
instead , people should be aware of their responsibility to reduce the emissions caused by their lifestyle choices .
improve roads or public transports
many people think that governments should spend money on improving roads and highways while the others say that it would be better to spend money on public transportation .
in my opinion , governments should certainly spend money on the public transportation system because it would deal with problems that the rising number of private cars is creating .
first , the using of public transportation reduces the amount of resources using on transportation .
cars depend on gasoline , which is a non - renewable resource .
therefore , the more cars we use means that the faster gasoline in this world is used up .
in the contrary , if the public transportation is efficiently used , the amount of gasoline consuming per person will be much lower .
and this definitely helps to reserve our invaluable natural resource , gasoline .
second , public transportation helps to solve the air pollution problems .
averagely , public transports use much less gasoline to carry people than private cars .
it means that by using public transports , the less gas exhaust is pumped to the air and people will no longer have to bear the stuffy situation on the roads , which is always full of fumes .
last but not least , using public transportation is much safer than private transportation .
according to national safety council , riding the bus is over 170 times safer than private care .
thus there is no reason that governments should hesitate to invest in public transportation , a healthy , safe and economical way of transporting .
in short , i can say for certain that spending money on improving public transportation is necessary because it is the key to protect our world , creating a healthy and safe environment for people to live in .
some people believe that the earth is being harmed by human
whether human activity is making the earth a better place to live or damaging it is a debatable issue .
some people advocate the idea that human activity is advantageously influencing to the earth .
however , i strongly believe that human activities are having a bad effect upon our planet , for human are polluting the earth ' s environment , exhausting natural resource and threatening the living of other species .
people are corrupting their ecosphere .
in recent decades , concurrently with the increase of human consume , the waste discarded by human also multiplies .
these wastes including household waste and industrial waste are so big that a " new " continent is now being formed in the sea from garbage .
furthermore , the industrial exhaust gases are adulterating the air , causing the insalubrious phenomenon such as acid rain , global warming or climate change .
besides , people are draining the earth ' s natural resources .
these resources such as oil , coal are vital for human activity , therefore nowadays , the exploitation activities of these resources are increasing dramatically to adapt to the infinite need of people .
researchers indicated that most of natural resources are un - recyclable and only several decades after , the earth ' s natural resources are totally exhausted .
at that time , human activity will be seriously affected due to the dependence on these resources .
also , people are endangering other species ' live .
hunting has been a fundamental activity of human for having food .
through million years of hunting , especially in recent centuries with the innovation of rifle and dynamite , people have killed many animals and even have made some kinds of them become extinct .
moreover , people , suffering from the population pressure , are expanding their living area ; consequently , the living area of other species narrowed .
this narrowing of living region is pushing many creatures to the brink of extinction .
all in all , from discussed reasons , we can conclude that human activity are gradually destroy the earth since it is polluting the earth environment , depleting the resource and imperiling other species ' lives .
spending money on supporting art or protecting environment
if i had the opportunity to help a company make a decision on spending money either on supporting the arts or helping the environment , i would choose the latter without hesitation for the reasons below .
first , conservation is more urgent now than at any time in history .
according to a statistic conducted by the international animal preserving association , we have only ten percent of the animals that have ever existed , which means that the biodiversity of our home is grievously endangered .
what ' s more , rising sea levels , caused by global warming , have reached a level that is threatening human ' s life in many countries .
if we continue discharging carbon dioxide with non - environmentally friendly cars , nations like japan will be submerged and weather patterns could change , causing flooding , drought , and an increasing amount of damaging storms .
in short , the ecosystem is in its worst condition ever and if we didn ' t take harsh measures now , we never will .
furthermore , supporting environment protection will benefit the company eventually .
nowadays , an increasing amount of people pay more attention to conservation ; therefore , sponsoring conservation is a more efficient method of advertising .
just imagine if the project your company is sponsoring effectively improves the environment , then your company would be known as an environmentally - friendly company and benefit from it in this consumer - oriented society .
finally , conservation leads us to a higher standard of living .
i confess that art is one of the best ways of entertaining human beings , but , with exhaust fumes and acid rain , we do not have the energy and enthusiasm to appreciate the paintings or photographs .
biodiversity and a more beautiful nature are not only the results of abetter environment but also are the necessities of photography and other types of art .
to sum up , although supporting art will benefit the human beings and the company in short - term interest , i still hold the environment protection for long - term interest .
gender equality at university admission
nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field .
contrastingly , in the past time , women worked at home and performed sophisticated work .
this factor is still affecting thinking of many people .
they still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only .
this tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender .
universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders .
initially , if we look into the fact , women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor .
for example , nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky .
they are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also .
furthermore , university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination .
they must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission .
however , the current job market affects the decision of universities .
every university designs its courses according to the need of employers .
the job selection criteria are pre decided .
for instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine .
they prefer male staff for night shifts .
they want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling , teaching , designing etc .
therefore , universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender .
to conclude , i strongly believe that universities must open choice for everyone to select his subject .
our youth has become very confident towards his career .
they are not ready to be bound in certain limitations .
female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer .
so we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal .
luck vs hard work
there are many instances that luck has brought people things that they never could even imagine .
however , i do not see any rational in believing in luck to reach one ' s goals .
therefore i strongly agree with the argument that it is one ' s hard work that helps him reach his target .
first , if you depend only on luck for all your accomplishments , you are taking a great risk .
luck is something intangible and no one can guarantee that it would ever come your way .
if it doesn ' t work , it would be a great disappointment .
instead if you strive hard to achieve what you want , then your hard work would take you at least closer to your final goal .
in my personal experience , all my accomplishments were backed by my hard work , not my luck .
and i never did encounter any disappointments of missing my goals .
secondly , if you believe that hard work is the key to success , it would make you a visionary person .
in other words , those who believe in hard work are clear about their goals and know about their final destination .
they carefully organize the process of achieving their targets and continue to evaluate their progress until they reach the final goal .
if you believe in luck , you would be clueless about where you are heading .
for example , a friend of mine , who had severe financial constraints , had the habit of buying lottery tickets thinking that one day he would win a lottery .
he was living in an illusion that he can solve his financial issues with this lottery .
however , up to this day his luck has not appeared and problems have got further worsened .
thirdly , if you work hard , luck too might shine on you and take you some more steps further ahead from your actual target .
for example , my boss worked tirelessly for his promotion .
he looked at every aspect that he needed to qualify for the promotion .
he realized that having a master ' s degree would be a great credential for him to outperform his competitors .
although he had many commitments at home and work , he somehow managed to complete this degree before he was eligible to apply .
at the end he was not only able to get the promotion amidst a stiff competition but also got nominated for a foreign scholarship since he had more credentials than other officers in his capacity .
although it is good to be lucky , depending on luck for everything is not good .
hence i strongly believe in hard working that would not easily disappoint you as luck sometimes does .
should students be required to attend classes ?
the issue at hand is whether it should be obligatory for university students to attend classes .
this is an interesting question because it affects a great amount of students worldwide .
nonetheless there are various different policies regarding this topic .
an important aspect might be whether one desires to optimize the learned knowledge or the amount of valuable experiences for the students .
however , to my mind students should be free not to attend classes because it improves the quality of student life as well as their learning motivation and teaches important life skills .
firstly , a liberal policy is very feasible .
checking for attendance requires a lot of bureaucracy .
especially for larger classes it is impossible to check for everybody to attend .
so an optional attendance saves time and money .
secondly , some students might learn better at home on their own , for instance , by reading the textbook .
this problem occurs especially if the lecturer is lethargic .
by letting students choose not to attend class you give them the opportunity to escape bad teaching .
thus they are able to save precious study time and dive into the course syllabus independently .
in addition , being free to stay away from classes improves flexibility and therefore quality of student life .
sometimes the wild party on thursday night is too good to end already at midnight only because of a lecture on friday in the morning .
with a liberal policy students are able to postpone the learning to the afternoon which gives a feeling of freedom and improves time efficiency .
research has shown that the more satisfied the students are with those life aspects , the better they perform in academic areas .
finally , psychology knows two types of motivation .
there is intrinsic motivation which comes from your own mindset .
and there is extrinsic motivation which comes from the praise and laud of other people .
intrinsic motivation is known to be much more desirable because it leads to better learning and well - being .
however , in order to gain intrinsic motivation students need to become aware of their strengths and aims .
by giving students the freedom to choose about class attendance they might rather be thinking about why they decided to study and learn to motivate themselves .
these are crucial skills for the duration of their study and their whole life time .
to conclude , it is clear that going to classes should be optional for students .
i hold this belief due to the improvement of students ' current experience as well as the valuable skills and knowledge they obtain for their whole life afterwards .
living in smal towns
place of living has the most significant affect on our lives and we have to choose it according to several factors .
some people prefer to live in tall buildings and crowded areas , whereas others prefer to live in a small and calm town .
i would prefer to live in a small town and i think a small town has some advantages , such as good weather , a healthy life and better facilities .
firstly , the first advantage of living in a small town is a healthy life that we can obtain due to many items .
one of the conditions that helps us to be healthy is good weather and less population that exist in a small town .
also , in a small town there are less crowded and less traffic .
living in a place with less pollution such as air pollution or sound pollution helps us to have a healthier life and one of the main consequences is less stress and more happiness .
moreover , in a small town foods and materials we need are healthier than in big cities and there are fresh foods and fruits .
regardless of some exceptions , it is obvious that living in small towns is healthier than in big cities .
secondly , another advantage of small towns is living costs .
living cost is one of the important concerns in every society and then , in a small town living cost is fewer than in big cities .
therefore , in a small town we can live in big houses with good landscapes , also because of less crowded spaces we have more facilities and more services .
transportation cost is less than in big cities and we have less traffic so that we can save time and money .
in conclusion , i prefer to live in a small town and i think it has some advantages such as less stress , because of better weather conditions and also , better relationship within a town .
in small town people know each other and have better deal together than big cities therefore on big cities people feel alone and depress more than small cities .
however it is an obvious fact that people in small town have more happiness and friendship and less illness and stress .
young people move to cities
these days , there are increasing numbers of young people from the countryside moving to cities in search of jobs and educational opportunities .
personally , i think it has some drawbacks that will be discussed in this essay together with some reasons about this .
to begin with , the major cause that leads to urban migration of young adults is that cities often offer more well - paid jobs and study chances compared to rural areas .
obviously , many large companies and universities often locate in cities which are hailed as promising lands to develop their career .
therefore they move to big cities to pursue academic career and find jobs in order to have a higher standard of living .
for example , if a gradate stays in the city after leaving his college and seeks a job with good salary instead of returning his village to do farm work , he could perhaps buy a house or his own car after a short time .
however , this phenomenon sometimes poses several negative consequences .
there can be no doubt that the burgeoning number of young adults from the countryside flocking to cities gives rise to overpopulation in cities .
as a result , cities cannot provide adequate space for thousands of dwellers that might lead to poor housing conditions and sanitation .
additionally , it might put strain on the environment .
if there are more people in the cities , there would be large numbers of vehicles on the road , which causes air pollution .
in conclusion , young people tend to study or work in urban areas since these provide them many educational opportunities and career potentials .
in my opinion , however , i do not approve of this trend due to negative effects such as low quality of life and affecting the environment .
basic economic class can help the students touch the surface of this field
in today ' s community , economy becomes the order of the day .
getting to know the theory in this area seems really important for our students .
then , the earlier we jump into this area , the more skillful we will be .
thus , in my point of view , although it will take some time on it , high school students should take a course on basic economics .
let me explain it in detail .
for the primary concern , it can provide students a sense of direction in academy .
basic economic class can help the students touch the surface of this field , let them to know what this subject mainly discuss .
that will help the students cultivate their own interest and a sense of career orientation .
finally , students may study harder for their economic dreams .
on the other hand , economy is always correlate with politics , students can study specialized knowledge along with some politian status , which may open their vision toward the nation and don ' t get limited in the textbooks .
besides , there is also an intimate connection between economy and enterprises , students can also gain knowledge more practical and vivid .
in addition , the basic economic course can also help with the students when they go to college .
they may feel more readily to learn the knowledge in this field and save much time , with that they are able to study more efficiently and more deeply than other students .
that as well would provide the students with more confidence and let them become more compatible .
considering all those factors above , i suggest the basic course of economic is necessary .
work in team or independently
nowadays , as the world is getting smaller , we need to be able to cooperate .
working in team is a necessary skill that every individual must master for success .
despite the importance of working in team , i still believe that the capability of working independly is more significant .
of course , effective cooperation can make things easier and faster , but in many important cases when team - working is not possible , the ability to work alone will help .
the apperant example is that there are a lot of tests that do not allow team - working .
let ' s imagine that you perform really well when you can discuss the problems with other people , but you have no experience of working alone , standardized tests such as sat , toefl may be your nightmares .
testing is a very important aspect of life , and still the majority of tests do not allow you to work in team .
therefore , if you want to get brilliant achievements such as going to college , acing your school ' s final tests , you should consider learning to work on your own .
moreover , the ability to work alone will help you increase your ability to work with other people .
working in team does not mean that you do not have to come up with your ideas .
everybody in a team must have his / her own opinion first , then discuss them with other members .
when we work in team , we still think individually because our brain are not connected but separate .
when everyone in a team can come up with his / her own ideas , working in team will definitely more effective .
in conclusion , working with a group a people and working individually are all important .
both skills are necessary for a successful life .
nevertheless , the capablity of working alone is the foundation for the skill to work in team and plays a significant role in a lot of situations .
smoking should not be promitted in restaurants or other public places
smoking brings a person great enjoyment and relief .
however , one should not be encouraged to smoke as the cost of other people ' s health .
in this case , i advocate the idea that smoking should be prohibited in restaurants as well as other public places , and that we should support states laws to ban it because smoking not only damages the restaurant ' s environment , but also imposes a potential threat on others ' health .
first of all , although it is too strong to assert that smoking should be prohibited everywhere in the society , one smoking in a restaurant is considered to enjoy his time with the ignorance of others ' health .
it is generally believed that , the second - hand smoke , which comes from the smoker ' s mouth , puts an even greater threat on surrounding people ' s health than the smoker himself .
for example , if there is only one person smoking in a restaurant , all others will smoke unconsciously and their health is under attacked .
this is because some burned substance in a cigarette can easily deteriorate a person ' s respiratory system after he / she inhales it .
therefore , smoking in restaurants should be strictly banned because it makes the restaurant a polluted place which threatens every customer ' s health .
furthermore , even though some customers do not worry about the threat that second - hand smoke imposes on them , the disgusting smoke will severely affect their appetite , or , in other words , spoil their meals and make them an unpleasant experience .
the smoke exhaled from the smoker often makes other people feel uncomfortable or disgusted , thus affecting their mood in having their meals .
this , on the other hand , can indirectly decrease the restaurants ' popularity because fewer people are willing to consume there due to their unpleasant experiences .
lastly , smoking does no good to the smoker himself .
not only does it aggravate his health , making him more subject to respiratory diseases , but also it damages his public image and reputation .
this is especially true when the smoker is a popular political figure or an entertainmening celebrity , because most people see smoking in restaurants as an impolite human behavior .
at this point , the public are likely to believe that the smoker lacks basic civility and should not be encouraged to be a public leader .
to conclude , smoking in a restaurant is a harmful and disrespectable behavior .
it spoils the smoker ' s reputation and threats other people ' s health .
therefore , it is unwise to smoke in a restaurant as well as other public places , and relevant state laws should be codified to strictly prohibit it .
people should have hobbies and do physical activities
whether or not people should have hobbies and do physical activities has been a controversial question .
different people have different ideas .
some people think we should focus on our jobs , but i don ' t agree with them .
having one ' s own hobbies and doing physical activities can bring us a lot of benefits .
first , having hobbies and doing physical activities is the best way to keep fit .
looking at the computer screen all day long can make us daze , so doing some sport and hobbies can prevent us from becoming too fat or short - sighted .
my neighbor tom once was a computer engineer in a big company .
he ate fast food everyday and never went out to exercise .
when he found out that he was too fat to find a girlfriend , he made up his mind to loose weight .
he started to jog every morning .
after a moth , he is thinner and finds a girlfriend .
also , doing something for a long time can be boring , having hobbies and doing sports can refresh our mind .
for example , at school , students have breaks every class so that they can relax for a few minutes and prepare for the next class .
humans are not robots ; we can ' t keep working for twenty - four hours .
doing sports or hobbies for a short time can recharge our batteries .
last , we should develop at least one personal hobby , not to show off , but express our emotion when we feel depressed or pressured .
playing musical instrument is a good way , i can play classical guitar .
when i meet difficulties in studies , i will take my guitar and play the song green sleeves .
it makes me feel better and gives me the confidence .
although it may take us a lot of times to develop our personal hobbies , but doing so can bring us a healthy body , a refreshed mind and a way to release pressure and sadness .
hence , i think it is good for us to have hobbies and do physical activities which are different from our work .
government should regard investing in building roads as the most important
the population explosion results in the high demands of transportation .
many countries have suffered from pollution , noisy and casualty for a long time .
from my perspective , the most possible solution to these problems is improving roads and highways because of three crucial reasons .
first and foremost , we all know that upgrading public transportation will surely aggravate the pollution and accidents .
the buses , cars and trains regularly emit a noxious gas which causes lots of fatal diseases such as lung cancer and pneumonia .
moreover , the sound emanates from the engines can worsen our hearing .
most importantly , there are many accidents happening on the roads .
for example , in my country , buses are attributed to the cause of skyrocketing of accidents .
each year , vietnam has approximately twelve thousand people die of accidents which is equivalent to the death toll of the tsunami in japan .
secondly , investing in roads and highways can broaden the area and allow more public transportation to work .
not only buses but also other personal vehicles can move easily on the roads .
for instance , i always leave school at the time that everybody rushes into the roads and hastily goes home .
it is extremely troublesome for me to escape from the crowd on the roads in only one hour .
in contrast , if the roads are enlarged , everyone can go home in short time and there are hardly any collisions .
last but not least , spending on renovating the highways and roads can improve the quality .
all of us are afraid of moving on the rough roads with lots of portholes .
those bad conditions result in many terrible accidents and make several people feel worried .
we should not accuse the drivers of causing accidents because a part of the responsibility belongs to the authorities .
what ' s more , a smooth surface makes the transportation and movement become safer and easier .
in a nutshell , the advantages of upgrading the roads which i mentioned above are totally convincing and indispensable .
i am usually inclined to this idea and i hope that the government will regard the investment in building roads as the most important thing .
the best way of learning life
life is full of challenges , difficulties and unexpected obstacles .
therefore , learning about life , which is useful for foreseeing problems and be assertive enough to overcome them are needed .
two main ways of learning about life are listening to the advice of family and friends and learning through personal experience .
both ways are good to follow because they all have their own distinct advantages .
on one hand , the way of learning life through listening to the advice of family and friends is more realistic than the latter .
family members such as your parents are experienced in life so they can give you proper and sincere guidance on every aspect of life .
and friends , people who are the same generation with you , they are understand your favorite and ability enough to tell you which is suitable for you , which is not .
by listening to your family and friends advice , you can definitely avoid many unexpected things .
on the other hand , finding out life through personal experience can help you become more independent and mature .
for one thing , there are so many grate things that you can missed if you don ' t experience it by yourself .
for example , a friend told you not to try skydiving because it was so dangerous .
if you did as he told , you could fail to see how wonderful it is to be fall freely .
in addition , family and friends accidentally harm you by giving you advice all the time .
you will grow to be dependent and reliant .
in contrast , free yourself and do what you desire without notice about consequences is the way that success people would like to choose .
according to myself , both ways are good , but i prefer the latter .
it is because growth is a long process that experience is indispensable .
i believe that experiencing the real life by myself , i could learn more than just obey the advice .
parents and other predecessors used to experience their own life by themselves , why don ' t the younger try to do the same ?
in summary , each way learning life has its own benefits .
but to me , learning about life through personal experience seems more appropriate .
some young adults want independence from their parents quickly
many young adults want to get away from their parent ' s houses as soon as possible in order to have no limits , to be independent .
but these young people do not take into account that their lives are going to be more difficult , when they are away from home .
they will have to pay a lot of bills , because they will have to find a lodging or at least a place where to live and in order to have less expenses they will have to find a co - tenant , who they may not like .
living in their own houses will save the young adults a lot of money .
if they live separate from their parents they will have to pay for a loan , electricity , water or even for a meal .
if the young adults still study they will have to combine studying with working , because they will not have money to pay for everything .
there will not be such worries when young adults live in their own home , because parents will take care for them .
moreover , parents will give their children money in order they to focus only on studying .
another problem that the young adults may encounter is to find a co - tenant , who they do not like .
his habits may be totally different from theirs , his behavior may be inappropriate , but they will have to live with him or even share a room , in order to have less expenses .
living with such a person may be a huge problem for the young adults .
when the co - tenant do not share their interests and points of view , they will not be able to ask him for advice .
furthermore , they are most likely to quarrel every day , instead of to help each other .
in conclusion , i reckon that for the young adults it will be better to live with their parents , because of the benefits they will have .
they will not need to worry about financial problems or if they will get on well with their roommate .
modern cooking methods have improved our life - style significantly
with technology advances , food has become easier to prepare in modern days .
people now can use kitchen appliances such as microwave and toaster to cook their meals easier and more convenient than before .
also , instant food products take only a few minutes to be made into delicious meals .
these changes make cooking so easy - to - use and time - saving as to improve the way we live to a great extent .
first of all , people have more chance to do other activities they like since food preparation is no longer time - consuming .
for instance , such a change has liberated many housewives from tedious cooking process and gave them additional time to do something more meaningful like accompanying family or doing a job .
on the other hand , more people can sleep a bit later to go to work because they only need a couple of time to prepare for the breakfasts .
at the second point , since food preparation has become easier and more convenient , it is certainly great to preserve diverse kinds of foods at home .
people can have a variety of dishes even in a small meal and choose whatever they like .
more men , on the other hand , are willing to participate in cooking that they had never done before .
this transformation may bring positive impacts to family in some cases .
in conclusion , the time - saving , simple food preparation process gives us more time to do other activities , more chance to select diverse kinds of foods and more willingness to cook meals .
of course , there may be some other perspectives that i neglected to fully consider .
nevertheless , for the reasons that i have presented above , i would assert that this change has improved our life significantly .
are parents best teachers ?
it is obvious that parents are the first teachers who teach babies how to walk and speak and make children to become a good person .
moreover , parents provide their children the best social skills and knowledge in order to prepare for their children ' s future life .
first , children are taught basic things , which influence their whole life , by their parents .
as a baby , they do not know any thing all around but they learn everything from their parents .
parents always try to explain and describe tenderly all things in simple way so that their baby can understand and learn from that .
consequently , parents bring the whole world of wonderful and colorful thing into their baby ' s little mind .
second , parents train their child how to become a good person .
they always make their children basically say thanks and apology in the right way .
on the one hand , it is common that they try to explain who is a good or bad person .
on the other hand , children are shown how to behave well with others .
this seems to be easy but this can influence positively their future children and makes children ' s behavior better before they face the real world .
third , it is clear that parents are ones who loves their children most and always take care of their children .
thus , they tend to provide the best knowledge and advice from their experience for children .
unlike a professional , parents always support children and give them much social skill so they can communicate well with others and have good habit in life .
in fact , parents ' support is one factor which makes people succeed in their life .
in conclusion , parents are really the best teachers who give us much knowledge and advice .
based on love , they always try their best to make good condition for their children development in order to prepare children ' s future life .
tv has no negative effects on children
nowadays , we have undergone many technology innovations such as tv .
many people say that television has negative effects on children , since it can be violent or inappropriate for children .
however , i strongly believe that television has more positive effects than negative effects .
there are two reasons to support my idea .
first of all , television has useful and educational programs .
not only the up - to - date news , but also there are many programs which has educational purposes .
if children can use those programs wisely , they can learn many information from it .
for example , in korea , there ' s program called ebs .
it is targeted for children to teenager .
we can study subjects through ebs lecture .
also , there are many documentary films such as the life of a great man in korea .
using those education programs let people get a lot of inspirations instead of having negative effects .
in addition , tv is helpful to relieve our stresses .
there are many tv programs such as sports programs .
many children have a lot of stresses recently , since they have so much pressure about study .
when they are watching sports programs , it ' s easy to relieve those stresses .
as an example , i got too much stress from the school .
so , i was quite aggressive , however .
after i watch the soccer match between korea and japan , the stress was gone .
instead , this soccer match helped me to continue my academic career in the school , since it helped me to relieve my stress .
in conclusion , of course , the television can have violent programs , however , if children can use tv programs wisely , there are more positive effects than negative effects .
now that , it has useful and educational programs and quite helpful to relieve stresses for children .
for these reasons , i strongly disagree with the statement that television has negative effects on children .
businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life
many entrepreneurs hypothesize that it is safer to hire employees for their entire lives in order to ensure the productivity and efficiency of working .
from my perspective , those assumptions are not only conservative but also out - of - date .
i am biased towards the opposite side that businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life because of the three main crucial reasons .
first and foremost , various ideas and creativity from different people are indispensable for a company to flourish .
the invaluable experience of senior employees can pass down to the young apprentices who get used to new job , but regularly give out creative and novel ideas .
what ' s more , the rapid development in every field nowadays requires precise updates and access to new knowledge .
therefore , the youngsters are capable of meeting those standards .
more importantly , they have activeness , inventiveness and enterprise which allow them to complete their jobs perfectly .
these vital factors can decide whether the company can thrive or not .
secondly , the staff soon gets boring with their stable job in such a long time .
at a certain time , they may presume that a securing job is the most important and necessary because they need to earn money to manage their life .
thereafter , the bulk of them realize that high promotion and competition can assist them to improve their skills and horizons also .
many people enjoy challenging them because they don not want to be monotonous and passive ones .
the same - old - same - old environment soon makes them depressed , so this situation will have an adverse impact on the enterprise .
last but not least , the economic crisis and financial recession result in a tremendous increase in unemployment .
in my opinion , the businesses ought to recruit many workers so as to tackle this aching issue .
it enables the jobless to better their life and earn a living .
furthermore , the factories and companies will have abundant human sources to ensure the pace of manufacture and also devising lots of unique ideas .
in a nutshell , varied characteristics of various people , feeling tired of having the same occupation and solving the unemployed problem drive me to agree with the statement that the employer should not hire the staff for a whole life .
i believe that the brilliant bosses are conscious of the need for giving opportunities to diverse employees .
success and knowledge
many people think that " past has nothing to do with present , as time never stops , the next generations are completely different from the predecessors ".
although it is true that life changes rapidly , there are many things in the past that we can learn about , such as mistakes , success and knowledge in many fields of study .
first of all , the predecessors ' mistakes are the first thing that we should consider when learning about the past .
as everyone ' s life is too short to risk trying anything without any prepare , we all should learn about other ' s mistakes so that we can avoid making the same ones .
each mistake , from the smallest to the bigger one , is a treasure of experience , which , if we can make full use of , will make us well - prepared for many complicated situations of our life .
therefore , past obviously saves ourselves a bunch of failures and times .
secondly , people ' s success in the past is as significant as those mistakes .
if the predecessors ' mistakes are the indirect way that leads us to the goals , others ' accomplishment can be served as the direct way .
by looking into the ways other people use to achieve their targets , we have the chance to make those mine , put them into practice and , of course , be successful like them .
for instance , edison ' s statement " genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration " is still helpful for everyone today , and probably in the future .
last but not least , the past is the basis in which people can use to develope new knowledge , inventions .
if it had not been for those knowledge in the past , we could never be as modern as today .
how can america be the world ' s leading country if columbus did not accidentally discover it in his search for india .
how can the comtemporary scientists study the earth ' s gravity without the apple which fall on newton ' s head .
they are only some of many precious knowledge that the past presents us .
we cannot ignore them in any way .
all in all , the past ' s mistakes , success and knowledge all have crucial impact on people ' s lives today .
we should make full use of the past , instead of ignoring it , for a better and brighter future .
television destroys communication among friends and family
television is one of the greatest innovations that we use every day .
besides , watching television has some cons and at the same time has very good pros .
however , while some people argue that tv has devastated communication among friends and families , i believe it has done the opposite .
i think tv programs are among the popular topics in every day talk as well as a great time for gathering .
in addition modern tv has smart system that let you be connected with people .
first , it ' s true watching tv take a lot of your day , nevertheless it makes people meet and start a conversation about what they watch at other times like weather forecast and sport programs .
second , people like having meals while they are watching tv .
families usually tend to watch television either with each other or friends .
for example my friends and i used to sit together and enjoy watching movies using vhs player at nights .
it was fun and a little bit similar to the cinema .
third , tv can be one of communication ways .
moreover , tv can be connected to multimedia devices that have smart operating system like google tv , wdtv using skype , tango and other apps .
in addition teenagers can play games online with their friends ; therefore we can communicate with each other through tv .
to sum up , tv may take some of your time away from your family and friends but it can also make family get together and help to get in conversation .
as well as it ' s one way of recent communications , based on that i think tv helps you to get connected with people .
children should grow up in a big city !
it ’ s certainly better for children to grow up in a big city .
of course you need to choose a good neighborhood .
i hold this belief because of two main reasons , academic and social reasons .
some people thinks that if a child grows up in a big city they will be all day at home at the computer or at the video - game , but this is not true if you live in a neighborhood with other people about your age as i did .
my friends and i used to play soccer , bike , climb trees and do a lot of other stuff every day .
we did play video - games , but that wasn ' t our main activity .
in a big city there are more kinds of people and more things to do .
i have a friend that grew up in the countryside .
he said that he had to study a lot to pass the test to enter the university .
this is another downside of growing up in the countryside .
in a big city you have more qualified teachers and a better access to technology .
growing up in the countryside is not such a good experience , you won ’ t know a lot of people , there are gossips everywhere , and your life will be really limited .
if someday i have children , i ’ m absolutely sure that they will grow up in a good neighborhood of a big city and they will be very happy about it .
parents are the best teachers because they are more special than everybody else
i completely agree that parents are the best teacher .
children normally think that their parents are somehow special and that makes them the most important people in the children ’ s lives .
firstly , the things that parents say have great power to their child .
more power than any friend or other adult could have .
for example , if someone tells a kid that something is wrong and they shouldn ' t do it , but his father told him / her that it was right , the kid will listen to the father instead of the other person , even if his father is wrong .
secondly , a child normally spends more time with their parents than with other people , so their parents have more time to teach him / her than anybody else .
they have more contact and more intimacy with their children .
lastly , children usually mirror themselves on their parents .
that ’ s as important thing because even if the parents don ’ t intend to teach their children something , they are always observing and learning by themselves .
so , if there is a man that beats his wife and treats her bad , his child probably is going to be rude and treat girls bad .
all in all , i agree that parents are the greatest teachers and i think that they should be very careful with what they say and do in front of their child , because it can define who he is going to be .
easy preparation of food leads to a better life
the technology has developed a lot .
with that development , food can be prepared more easily and it can taste a lot better than it used to .
with that change , people ’ s lives are a lot better for several reasons .
some good reasons are about having more time and being able to prepare better food without being a good cook .
firstly , people normally have lots of things to do .
because of that , they don ’ t have much time to spend in the kitchen .
but being able to prepare a tasty food just putting it into the microwave or into the oven is awesome .
for example , if an engineer needs to make a project , but he needs to deliver it tomorrow , he could save hours preparing a food with the microwave instead of cooking everything from scratch .
secondly , when someone wants to prepare a good food alone for some reason , some time ago he / she would need to be a very good cook to prepare that food , but nowadays is very easy to prepare a healthy and tasty food .
for example , if a guy wants to prepare a dinner to his girlfriend , he could just buy some food that comes with instructions .
normally you just need to put it into the oven and wait some time .
all in all , that ease to prepare food has improved people ’ s lives .
and that happened mainly because of the development of the technology .
but people should be careful with what they eat , because some industrial foods are very bad for their health , so they should buy only food from well known brands .
should university education be free for everyone interested ?
a famous proverb “ knowledge is power ” has demonstrated the value of education .
i believe that universities should provide free of cost education to the interested scholars because now - a - days universities with good name charge high fees and this leads one to think about affordability .
i have observed that many of the interested scholars failed to get the admission in good universities because they have to think about work along with the studies , and this left them with only one choice , which is work .
university is more likely to become a money making business , the issue of affordability has become crucial to the students .
in today ’ s world education is getting expensive , and people are tending to apply for self - finance education in order to get the admission .
whereas , the scholars are facing a lot of difficulties apart from their high requirements of previous education , they has a lot to face the other difficulties and burden while getting admission such as accommodation , food , traveling , clothing , etc .
moreover , it is hard to get manage two things at a time for instance , working and studying is not an easy job for the scholars , they need to concentrate on their studies .
mphils and phds scholars are probably engage in the research work , which takes their full concentration and surveys .
the idea of free of charge education inspires those scholars who really want to put their efforts and get a degree from best universities .
therefore , universities have to look over the issues face by most of the scholars ; their message should be spread education , not making money , and motivate those scholars who want to get education .
their notion should be inspirational in such a way which makes our society educative and increase our literacy rate .
air pollution
air pollution is an issue threatening the environment in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the negative way .
i believe that more responsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution .
first , in most industrialized countries , there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions .
the waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution .
while these companies make a huge amount of money from their businesses , most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution .
if these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution , they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause .
second , private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating .
as house heating is a major need in the winter time , some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes .
instead of this , some expensive vehicles cause a huge amount of pollution .
in my opinion , by charging private individuals for causing air pollution , that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution .
on the other hand , i believe that governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies .
governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air , instead of putting all the responsibility to companies and private individuals .
in conclusion , due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy environment for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution , both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution .
should professors doing more research or educating students more ?
although professors in a university are basically teachers who do the most important thing , teaching , we cannot ignore one more influential aspect that they are always busy with , doing research .
in my opinion , a professor should spend more time doing research rather than educating students for a few reasons following .
a professor means a researcher or an expert of a specific science subject .
he or she should always keep the passion in her field so that he or she could push him / herself forward all the time .
and then he or she can do better in teaching works .
for instance , the most impressive professor during my studying in university is mr . yang who keeps in researching and reading .
he is also the one who gave us inspiration and taught us the way to study more efficient by ourselves .
all of my classmates gave him a rank of aaa , the excellent teacher .
as for students , we can get what we want to know from textbooks , webs or teachers .
but we can only turn to our professors when we want to take part in a research and to get ourselves promoted .
if a professor doesn ' t get any researching works , he cannot give us the opportunity .
in addition , a professor who is concentrate in his or her research is thinking and creating new ideas all the time .
he or she may stimulate us students to come up with some creative sugesstions .
that is good for both of the professor and students .
finally , all professors in the university are fortune of the society .
they are the leaders almost in every fields of science , arts , culture and so on .
without their research , there will be no new technologies come out quickly .
without their research , there will be more artcrafts being ruined by nothing .
without their research , there will be less information of our ancestors to be known on the earth .
in conclusion , a professor should do their research all the time during their careers as a teacher in university .
and it ' s worth to spend more time on it than on teaching .
television and movies influence our lives both negatively and positively
there is no doubt that television or movies influence people ’ s behavior and they influence us in both bad ways and good ways .
but i think in general television and movies influence our behavior in bad ways more than in good ways .
they make people to eat more rubbish food , spend less time with their friends and family , and be someone that are not themselves .
there are a lot of people eating foods or snacks when they are watching television .
most of the foods they eat are fat foods like chips or pizzas .
it is not rocket science to know that these foods are not good for people ’ s health .
many companies know about this behavior and use advertisements on television to make people buy more of these foods .
in turn , people will consume these rubbish foods more and we have to deal with a lot of fat diseases .
television and movies also make people to spend more time on their couch than with their family and friends , especially children .
they communicate less with their parents because a lot of their time is used watching television and movies .
when people are watching television or movies together , they also talk less to each other , compare to when playing social games , such as parlor games , together .
television and movies nowadays contain a lot of advertisements .
these advertisements build ideal images that make people to feel bad about themselves and want to be more like these images .
when people see beautiful women and men on the advertisements , they think that they are ugly .
thus they spend a lot of money to buy a lot of beauty products or go to gym to get better appearance or body .
when a cool hero characters in a movie smokes and yet a lot of people like him , then people who idolize him may also begin to smoke although they don ’ t prefer it .
i think television and movies are entertaining but most of the time they influence people ’ s behavior in bad ways .
if you want to stay healthy , be yourself and spend time with your family and friends , then you should spend less time watching these media .
reasons why travelers visit museums ?
many people like to visit museums when they travel to new places , other people don ' t like to visit museums .
i personaly tend to visit museums when i ' m in a new place because it ' s good for me know about the culture , tradition and history of other places .
the first reason why people are willing to visit museums when they travel to a new territory is that museums provide a tremendous amount of information about different aspects of the history and culture of that place , as i said back .
and also taking the chance for making friends .
visit museums can bring you the opportunity to establish relations and knowledge to participate in conversations .
and that kind of knowledge speaks very highly of you .
however , other people visit museums are the most boring expirience of a trip .
my cousin pedro literaly hates to visit museums but he really enjoyed his visit to the famous london - madame tussaud museum , it was kind of art entertainment but also that visit helped him to understand the artist works , and in addition he started to respect and admire other types of arts that offers in other museums .
in coclusion , the museums are a visual source to know the history , tradition and culture of any place in the world .
i think it ' s fun and educational .
a man ' s manner is a mirror that reflects his virtues
once a celebrity said : a man ' s manner is a mirror that reflects his virtues .
recently , the social environment we lived with busy noises and crowded spaces in case that people pay less attentions on their behaviors and manners .
they are being rude towards others .
due to this phenomenon , someone suggests that we should not expect people to be polite to other .
obviously , i do not agree with such kind of altitudes , the explanations i explored would be stated as following .
first of all , a person with good manner will give others a fine personal impression .
through those impressions , a person was easily to get acquired with others and blended with the community that surrounded him as soon as possible .
for example , i worked in a new company , if i am a guy with good manners and treating everyone well , my new colleagues will accept me , even then i will be approved by the employers .
in opposite situation if i am being rude , i can not get along well with each other .
finally , i will be fired and have no other choice but lost my job .
secondly , people will get respect from politeness within each other .
politeness and tender words not only can help the speaker to earn a good reputation but also that encourage the listeners who were in need .
a successful corporation must have a relationship with respect and pleasure .
there are many more facts have improved that people with politeness are easily to be succeed , because from their behaviors , they made their partners or opponents to find their own individual dignity .
finally , the society needs a civilized environment and orders .
and a degree of social civilization depend on its people ' s qualities .
in order to create a better living environment for ourselves and our offsprings , our behaviors must be asked with politeness and good manners .
benefit from those effective measures , there may be an obvious effect on the reducing of criminal rate .
all in all , i suppose that people should be polite to others in a such busy and crowded world .
your job has more effect on your happiness than your living environment does
with the development of the economy , people become more and more rich .
they start to pay attention to mental requirement like happiness .
while i accept that job can offer happiness to some people , i believe that living environment is more important than job for most of us .
admittedly , job can bring us happiness .
people can receive a sense of values and respected from job .
if people receive respect from others , they will feel achievement and self - confidence .
in addition , job can provide money to us .
however , people should concern more about their living environment than job .
first , for most of us , job is only a tool to maintain our lives .
few people can feel happiness from their job because they have to continue to work more than 30 years .
for example , workers in the foxconn factory , which is the main manufacture of apple company , just repeat one action more than 8 hours every day .
these labor works cannot provide workers with a lot of happiness because they feel tired and frustrated after long hour work .
second , beautiful environment is one of basic physiological needs , which are the most fundamental requirements for people .
without beautiful environment , people are not able to feel happiness and will fell anxiety .
nowadays , the fast development of economy is gradually destroying our environment very quickly .
factories released a huge amount of wasters into river and soil .
in order to build city and factory , people destroy huge forests .
in china , some residents who live in nearby some toxic factories became sick because these factories release a lot of toxic water and wasters into environment around people .
even though local residents benefits from an increasing number of jobs which are provided by those factories , they cannot feel happiness from high - paying job yet because most of them suffer from cancer or other diseases .
in conclusion , it is far better to protect our living environment rather than focus on job or work since the goal people is for good livers .
television has more bad than good in respect of bonds with family and friends
there are many interesting programs on television which anyone can enjoy at little cost .
compared to other hobbies such as going to theater or going to sports stadium , it is a very cost - effective hobby that gives viewer quiet a few indirect experiences .
however , from my point of view , television has more bad than good because it has made people not to have conversation each other .
to begin with , television shows make people forget what is really important .
one who has favorite programs tends to be obessed with them when they are on air .
thus , they cannot make appointment or go out with their family or friends at that time since they think the programs are so crucial to their lives .
one of my friends , for example , once cancelled an appointment to play basketball with in order to watch the favorite television show " infinete challenges " .
this is not only about basketball , but also about our friendship , which depends on how often we meet and have a chance to talk to each other .
that is , watching television alone at home , my friend lost the opportunity to increase cohesion between us .
moreover , even when people watch television together , there is no chance for them to have conversation in front of television .
watching television program together is not that different from watching same program alone .
thus , it is not good for them to watch television if they want to improve their sense of closeness .
to illustrate my point , it is reported that most of people don ' t converse with their family when they are watching television together .
it is natural they behave in that way because television shows don ' t require any participation .
in conclusion , i firmly believe that it is detrimental to communication among members in group , family or friends or whatever , to sit in front of television and just stare forward .
it is because television not only makes people be obsessed with it but also makes their mouth close .
haste makes waste
this saying is stating that every fast and not well thought decision is a wasted one .
in my opinion , this statement is completely true , for these few reasons : for one thing , making a quick decision means that it ' s not very thought out , and that it hasn ' t been checked from all its aspects .
consequently , making quick decisions leads to probable bad results .
for example : if someone decided to quit his job without really thinking about the alternative , or a plan b , he could end up being unemployed , because of his speedy decision .
in addition , making a rushed decision could also mean that the person is missing out on a potential opportunity .
in another word , if this person had waited and thought his decision through he wouldn ' t have missed out on the job opening in the same firm , but at a different position .
hence , he wouldn ' t have been unemployed .
not to mention , that hasty decisions , not only goes to waste , but also , could affect the entire life of the person .
to put it differently , is that after this person has quit his job and became unemployed , he can no longer pay his bills nor buy what he needs for his everyday needs , thus , his life had taken a turn to the worst .
as can be seen from this , is that a hurried decision is almost never a good one .
that ' s why one should always study his decision carefully and slowly , to ensure that the decision that the person is making is the best for him .
people are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time
nowadays the automobile is one of the most significant forms of transportation in everyday life .
many people own cars and use them daily , which clearly shows how important they are .
generally speaking , i definitely agree with the statement that cars have improved modern life , for several reasons .
firstly , people are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time , which leads to numerous advantages .
for example in relationships .
many people are now able to maintain relationships over great distances because they can visit each other regularly by using their vehicle .
from my personal experience i recall that my car has always been a great help to see my childhood friends very often although i lived in another city .
i was also able to establish a relationship with a man living 89 kilometers away .
thanks to my car we could see each other at the weekends and are still a happy couple today .
without my automobile we would probably not have been able to develop a relationship .
in addition , cars increase the chance of employment because people are able to drive to work and can work further away from home .
furthermore , they are more flexible .
my father for example has always been working all around germany and because of that earned more money .
he used his car to drive to the other end of the country , worked there during the week and came home for the weekend .
if he had no car , he wouldn ' t be able to see his family at the weekends so for him his automobile is a great benefit - not only in financial but also in social terms .
finally , the automobile allows people to travel more often and thus get to know the world .
if people do not own cars they are likely to stay in their hometown or village most of their life .
they are mainly using public transport and are thus limited in accessing certain areas .
there are still places in nearly every country in the world that cannot be reached by public transportation and can only be visited by car .
as a result , people who own a vehicle have greater access to more places and will see more of the world .
in conclusion , the above stated reasons clearly outweigh the fact that cars cause a lot of pollution because they provide flexibility , which is important in nearly all areas of life .
travelling , social life and employment are highly dependent on the flexibility of a person and there is nothing in the world that makes more flexible than an own car .
choosing the job that is similar to parents ' jobs could benefit to one ' s career
when choosing a job , one need to consider it thoroughly .
whether to choose a job which is similar to parents ' job or not , different people may hold different opinions .
as far as i am concerned , i think choosing the job that is similar to parents ' jobs could benefit to one ' s career .
first of all , as parents are involved in the same environmen t , they could thus support much more to their children , such as domain knowledge and industry - related information .
for example , my father is a software programmer , and he indeed teaches me a lot in programming and some computer knowledge .
whenever i met a difficulty , i would reach him for consulting .
because he has many experiences , i could save enormous time in finding solution .
this truly makes me more competitive than my colleagues .
if i worked in the different field from my father , i would have faced much difficulty than i do now .
nevertheless , since parents have worked in tens of years , they have accumulated a rich network in a certain industry .
they have a deep insight in it and could provide much support to their children .
for instance , they know which company has better welfare or provides better education .
moreover , their friends in the same industry can even help to write recommendation letters to some certain companies .
it is undoubted that a good recommendation letter is extraordinary important in this competitive society .
when others are still struggling in preparing their resume , one with a good recommendation letter has already passed the first stage in the interviewing process .
some may argue that as time is different , the condition of job market is completely different .
therefore , choosing a job similar to one ' s parents ' is not always a correct decision .
i agree with this opinion to some extent , but when it comes to the trend , no one can predict it correctly .
the condition of job market changes enormously fast like a flash , so that there is no way to predict any job can be popular for 30 years or more .
in considering whether one should choose a job similar to his or her parents ', i have mentioned a few reasons that one can get more support from his or her parents if they are in the same industry .
i believe parents can lead their children to a more smooth career path .
should parents limit their children watching tv to make them do well in school ?
in 19th century , television is one of an significant inventions and has become a indispensible appliance in every house .
for its accessible and containing fancy programs , television attracts audiences from a wide range of age and background .
children , who are addicted to tv , causes broad argument about whether they should be limited in watching television in amount of time .
as far as i am concerned , i agree with that children should be forbidden in watching television or movies excessively .
first of all , children generally have weak self - control , and thus they lose their time easily .
watching tv for a long time without doing homework is one of major headaches that most of children have brought to their parents .
i , in my childhood , was just a typical case .
whenever i back to home from school , the first thing i would do is turning on the television and sit there for hours .
i could watch tv for hours , but i could hardly sit in front of my desk to do homework for few minutes .
i could memorize all channels that tv programs was playing , but i could barely memorize any word on the textbook .
i , therefore , did extremely bad at school due to the lack of studying .
moreover , sometimes programs on tv are full of violence and sex which are harmful to children .
children are not mature enough to make a judgment of what is good or bad , therefore they are likely to imitate the behaviors on tv out of their curiosity .
recently , more and more children smoke because they imitate actors ' behaviors on tv or movies .
what ' s even worse , according to some statistics , there are more and more children have violent tendency , and the reports attribute this to tv programs and movies .
it is obvious that there are many programs on tv or movies that are harmful to children in metal and physical health .
how can anyone expect children could do well at school if they have those abnormal behaviors ?
admittedly , in concerning the social relationship with peers , some may support that children should watch tv and movies for their rich contents that could give children some topics in conversation .
i agree with this viewpoint to some extent .
however , it doesn ' t mean that children should do it overtime and without being taken care what they are watching .
in considering whether the time children watching on tv or movies should be constrained , i hold a strongly positive point of view toward this issue .
because children are poor at time management , and are less mature to make a good judgment , they cannot be too serious to be taken care when watching tv and movies .
young people should go to university or not
persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university .
in regard to the development of the country , some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities , while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment .
in this essay , i will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool - proof decision .
to begin with , those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons .
from their point of view , the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation , such as mechanics , sales persons , or engineers , and , furthermore , labors for graduates are in short supply .
what is worse , the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying .
in this regard it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs , even can be a sheer time - consuming .
however , on the other side of the coin are voices in the opposition , saying that universities provide not only skills for careers , but also academic knowledge for the human race , such as bio science , politics , and medicine .
these academic values are necessary to the progress of the world .
more importantly , many researches in the ivory - tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society .
another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships , deeper discussion , independent life , and exchange scholarships .
to sum up both contentions about the necessity of universities ' education have reasonable justifications ; however , i agree with the latter view .
although higher education does not guarantee young students ' success , the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges .
should we pay professional athletes ( entertainers ) a high salary ?
professional athletes and entertainers earn a huge amount of money that is hard to imagine .
most of the people spending their whole life can never achieve this .
this salary gap between those famous people and us leads to a question - do those professional athletes and entertainers deserve this money ?
from my prospect , i believe that they do deserve this high payment .
first of all , a worker ' s salary can properly reflect his / her competence and value on his / her career .
therefore , those who are paid high salaries must exceed others and achieve something incredible in certain ways .
they are not paid for no reason .
as we are now live in a competent world , we must show ourselves to be great enough so as to convince the employer that we deserve a better payment .
it ' s all the same in every profession .
that ' s why the richest athletes usually correspond to the greatest athletes in their fields , namely michael jordan or tiger woods .
second , such high salaries can also guarantee and support the athlete ' s great performances .
most of us only see the luxurious side of a rich athlete and ignore how may difficulties they ' ve gone through and how much cost they ' ve thrown into investing themselves .
they shall reap within their high salaries .
in other words , if they are not paid high enough in order to conform to their performances , there might not be such brilliant performances for us to be amazed .
some people might argue that the gap between the rich athletes and normal people is so huge that it seems to be unfair .
however , in my opinion , as long as everyone has equal chances to pursue his / her dreams and careers , that would be fair .
fairness is not about equal payments for everyone , but equal chances to acquire the same goal or accomplishment .
in conclusion , high salary for athletes is what they deserve in accordance with their own achievements and also a guarantee for quality performances .
it is a positive encouragement for many more talented people to contribute to the world of athletics and entertainment , giving us awesome performances to enjoy .
people who can ’ t accept others ’ criticism can ’ t succeed in group working
in everyday life we encounter different people , and we receive different opinions about us or our works , no matter positive or negative .
it might be easy to take praises but hard to accept criticism .
therefore , here goes the point that people who can ' t accept others ' criticism can ' t succeed in group working .
personally , i agree with this statement .
first , the core of group working is " consensus " .
it ' s the idea that everyone ’ s opinion accounts .
in group works , group members gather together to have brain - storming discussion , think over every possible solutions and then finally reach an agreement .
in this long process of discussion , there must be different opinions sparkling out .
it doesn ' t work if one member solely insists on his / her idea and doesn ' t take other member ' s criticism because the work belongs to every member , not a personal show for specific one member .
it ' s every member ' s duty to respect other ' s opinion .
second , taking criticism is a virtue as you take someone ' s opinion that is against you .
even if you are not working in a group , you still need to take others ' criticism .
criticism definitely hurts because it points out your drawbacks and forces you to confront them .
however , criticism can help you detect those drawbacks and fix them if you are willing to take it .
those who don ' t even take a word of criticism will eventually lose chances to get improved .
in other words , if you can ' t take any criticism , not only will you fail in cooperating with other people , but also get defeated in personal works .
as one chinese idiom goes : " the good medicine tastes bitter “ .
criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal .
however , some people might ask : what if the criticism proves to be wrong ?
what if that i was at first right but the seemingly reasonable criticism led me to the wrong direction ?
doesn ' t insistence also a good character ?
in my point of view , even if you are right , criticism is still helpful because in this case it not only is a fixer , but it also serves as a practice to test you how much you know about your work .
taking criticism doesn ' t necessary mean that you have to take it all .
you should have your own judgments too !
and it ' s kind of art to make the best use of criticism .
in conclusion , criticism is essential especially in group working but in other occasions we still need criticism .
it ' s just like a picky mirror through which we can see the bad side of us and thus try to become more beautiful and confident .
how teachers can make the subject interesting to students !
there are many ways of teaching .
some people believe that strictly and carefully presenting theories in the class is the best way of teaching , while others assert that involving applications on that theory will be more convincing .
in my opinion , i agree with the second idea that the best way for teachers to make students more interested in a subject is to explain how that subject can help and apply to their lives outside school .
first of all , by explaining how the subject contributes to daily life , students will have vivid impression on that subject thus become more interested and active in acquiring the knowledge on that subject .
take chemistry for example , merely memorizing the names of the substances and the structural formulas seems to be very boring , while representing where and how those chemical reactions really happen near students will raise their curiosity and lead them to digest those theories learned from the class .
while i was in senior high school , my chemical teacher once showed us how the detergent dissolves oil by an experiment and later on taught us how to describe this process with formal structural formulas .
this type of learning method is more fun and eventually the results are good .
i connected the visual images of that experiment with the formula and i barely forget , even though now i ' m not studying chemistry anymore .
second , by bridging the theories with daily life events , students are given the chance to apply knowledge to their lives and develop their own ability of problem - solving .
this will address students ' interests because it ' s the assignment that needs real life participation .
for example , in law class , students are informed their rights and duties and they are taught how they can apply law to different situations that might happen upon them .
when any one of the situations occurs , they can think independently and figure out how to react .
in conclusion , using life experiences and examples to demonstrate the knowledge on a subject is an effective way to attract students ' attention and keep them eager on learning , not only because it reinforces students ' impression on the knowledge but also invites students to practice the knowledge out on their own .
environmental protection vs economic developments
environmental protection and economic developments might be the biggest issues in the 21st century .
they are both important because they are vital to human ' s future and welfare .
however , since the budget and the recourse are limited , governments must choose between these two issues .
in my opinion , i believe that tackling down environmental problems is of the first priority rather than economic developments .
the following are reasons why .
first , environmental protection is far more urgent than economic developments .
all the living creatures live together on our mother earth and she is the only one .
without earth , whatever great civil constructions and economic achievements will end up in vain because we will all perish as she ' s gone .
just like a man that needs a healthy body , all the living creatures as a whole needs a strong planet as well .
second , the influence on environmental problems are boarder and more profound than economic issues .
environmental problems are global rather than local , which means that no countries can be spared from these problems .
take global warming for example , when the temperature increases , the whole globe is affected , suffering the hotter weather together .
the melting ice mountain not only jeopardizes habitats of animals living in the polar region , but its effects of the rising sea level also endangers the residents living in the small island near the equator , since the rising sea water could drown them .
environmental issues can not be divided by nationality because all humans are simply entwined together by our only home - earth .
some people might argue that economic issues are global and critical as well thus can not be put aside .
they may say that if the economic is in a very bad situation , people would revolt instantly , while environmental problems seem to be more like chronic diseases that would not burst out right away .
however , the truth is that we ' ve been encountering so many sighs and warnings of global climate anomalies and other environmental crisis right now .
it would be unwise to still deny the truth and keep focusing on economic developments and unfortunately , usually the economic developments are even the causes of environmental damages .
in conclusion , environmental conservation is more essential than economic developments in the aspects of urgency and ranges of influence .
as mentioned in the second paragraph , how can a man live happily if he is unhealthy ?
similarly , how can we live safely and joyfully when our home is devastated by , ironically , by ourselves ?
university students should attend classes or not ?
in university education , students are given much independence in the ways of learning .
some students still rely on classes to keep up with the courses , while some students don ' t feel the need to attend classes because they believe that they can handle the exams .
these different ideas of learning methods lead to a question whether it is necessary for university students to attend the class as long as they can pass their examinations .
in my opinion , i believe that students should always attend class no matter what the outcome of the exam is .
first , in terms of learning , attending class is more effective than simply studying alone to pass the exams .
classes are designed diligently for the students and professors absolutely bear more knowledge than the students .
professors not only have the knowledge , but also equip with experiences , knowing how to guide their students toward their academic achievements .
second , it ' s students ' basic responsibility to attend class .
attending class is the most persuasive way for the students to show respect to the professor as well as themselves .
many professors grade their students with class attendances .
in other words , class attendances are regarded as critical as examination performances .
those who even achieve high scores on exams could fail if they didn ' t show up in the classes .
some people might argue that if students already understand the contents on the class enough to pass the exams or they can study the course on their own .
why wasting time going to classes ?
doesn ' t self - study more efficient ?
however , in my opinion , this is a rather immodest way of thinking .
i believe that professors can always give students more than students themselves could because of the experiences and their qualifications as professors .
besides , even if students believe that they are so brilliant to surpass their professors , they can still go to the classes to discuss with professors and classmates .
in conclusion , students can learn more thoroughly as well as showing respect for professors and themselves through attending classes .
it ' s an essential learning process .
passing the exams is not the terminal purpose of learning .
the learning process itself , however , is the most important and powerful way of evaluating a student .
what ' s more important : hard work or luck ?
what do you think when you see a beautiful building ?
and also when you see an airport ?
do you think they have built by chance ?
of course don ' t .
also it is ridiculous if you think world wide webs such as google , yahoo etc . created by chance .
howbeit some people think that luck is cause of a lot of success , but to be frank i cannot agree with them .
i would explore my primary reasons here .
to begin with , famous people are usually diligent people not lucky people .
hard work make you a professional man / woman which are powerful in his or her job .
i mean , when you work hard you decrease portion of chance in your success .
for example in football game it is said that penalty - kick need good chance to be goal .
statically the chance of being goal is fifty - fifty .
but i think ronaldo make a goal from a penalty - kick with more possibility than me .
it is not for which ronaldo is more fortune than me .
definitely it is for which he have more practice and exercise than me .
he do a lot of exercise in football field every day , so it is not for which he is luckier than me .
moreover , we cannot always lean on our luck to be successful .
i don ' t want to disavow the role of luck in success , but as you know it hardly accompany us .
so , for example you prepare for toefl or other multiple - choice test which has four option to choose in every question .
you cannot prepare for it without any study and rely on your luck , even if you be a very lucky .
if you pick up any choice by chance you would fail the exam .
undoubtedly it is wise advice which you have hard study to success on exam .
finally , you have to work hard to learn and to get a lot of information before doing a project in good way .
the most fortunate people in the word cannot manufacture an automobile or build a high tower just by her or his chance .
these plans is done by someone who is mastered in his / her work .
undoubtedly such people do work hard and have great experiences because of their hard works .
in the end , i think any great success need great work not great luck , even though luck is one factor in reaching goal but its impact is extraneous and we must not reckon on luck in our plans .
sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own
different people prefer different styles of learning .
i think both learning by myself and learning with a teacher could be helpful .
learning with a teacher can prevent one from being confused and increase the rate and speed of learning .
another important point is that for practical subjects you have to have a teacher .
on the other hand , sometimes i would rather learning on my own .
a good and experienced teacher can help me learn faster and easier .
sometimes when learning a course by myself which is hard and confusing to understand and has few sources available , i get discouraged after spending a lot of time .
in this situation , i ' ll look for a teacher and request for help from him or her .
and then he or she will teach me the course efficiently in a short time and therefore i will learn faster and better and won ' t get discouraged and confused .
there are some practical subjects that you can only learn them with a teacher or an instructor .
for example , if you want to learn driving a car or some jobs like medicine and engineering and some sports like skiing and swimming , you ' ll have to find a teacher .
it ' s almost impossible and inefficient to learn those things on your own .
by the way , if you are going to learn some things by yourself , you may learn and understand them incorrectly !
for example , from my own experiences , after i had started learning playing the guitar without a teacher , i got used to wrong habits regarding strumming and tempo , but after finding and learning with a tutor and identifying and eliminating those incorrect habits , i was able to play properly .
there are some things that i prefer to learn them without a teacher because i won ' t have to spend extra money for a teacher and my time will not be wasted either because of going to classes .
in today ' s world there are many great and useful sources available like books , electronic books , the internet and tv and satellite .
i can utilize them as tutorials for many things .
for instance , i can learn english or other languages by a lot of helpful books and many online websites .
in sum , sometimes it is good to learn with a teacher and sometimes on my own .
in my view , both can help and each of them has its own advantages and disadvantages .
once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success
achieving success is everybody ' s goal for life and there are absolutely many different directions that can lead people to success .
some people choose to be normal to wait for chances , while some other people prefer to be different from everyone else .
which one is the promising way to succeed ?
in my opinion , i believe that once you are unique enough , you are already on the way to success .
first , being positively different from everyone else usually means that you ' ve achieved something that is superior than others .
as living in a competent world , we are like playing a survival game .
only who has the sharpest weapon can survive .
if you don ' t make yourself outstanding enough or you fail to distinguish yourself from others , you will be easily replaced and eliminated by someone who is better than you .
take myself for example , when i was in college , i was always chosen to be the presenter of group report because i was the only one in my group who could present the report thoroughly and fluently .
second , being unique can create your own value which can never be taken by others .
in other words , once you are special and unique , pursuing success is a matter of actively creating the fashion rather than passively waiting for other people to recognize and appreciate you .
take the most popular and prestigious technology company - apple - for example .
the reason why it gains such a tremendous success is because it achieves some brilliant qualities that can never be caught up by other competitors .
it has its operating systems that can run smoother than any other companies and its design always wins the popularity among consumers .
it is the uniqueness of apple design that creates its own value .
in conclusion , being different and unique is the better way to achieve success .
it not only shows your competence but also creates your own value , making you take the lead in your way towards success .
younger school children should study art and music
undoubtedly , math , language , science and history are all extremely important subjects in student ' s education since these subjects provide students the basic understanding of the world .
therefore , some people assert that there is no need to learn other subjects for younger students .
nevertheless , the art and music , from my point of view , are also essential for younger student ' s future life because those subjects help students learn this planet from another perspective and they can release people from the enormous pressure nowadays .
in this case , i would definitely agree that the art and music should be required to study .
first of all , art and music would broaden student ' s horizon and therefore make them thoughtful .
it is well known that the art and music are not bound by country border , and they are something that is shared by the people from every parts of this world and is symbols of various cultures .
under this circumstance , learning art and music enables students to appreciate the fruits of eminent artists and musicians and to feel the fascination of different cultures .
for instance , students are able to feel the greatest music masterpiece in euopren as the symphony of destiny - beethoven ' s most notable workpiece is played .
in addition , studying art and music is also the appropriate outlets of stress and superb ways to relax .
obviously , with the improvement of life rhythm , people have currently suffered too much pressure from their studies or jobs , and these pressure are likely to destroy one person if he cannot find a way to emancipate himself .
art and music are , of course most accessible tools for modern people to liberate themselves from the extremely stressful life .
when enjoying one piece of brilliant paintings , such as the mona lisa , people would put all their pressure down on the ground and just think about what the most proficient and mysterious smile in this world stands for .
at this moment , they would totally involve in the ocean of art and their stressful nervous would be relieved .
apparently , this sense towards art is built on the initial study on the art .
admittedly , the study of art and music is supposed to rely on younger student ' s own interest .
the education of art and music would not work if students resist it .
thus , the school should replace some basic science class with some art and music class in order to cultivate student ' s interest of art without adding extra study pressure .
in a nutshell , in the modern society , since understanding of the lengthen and depth of the world is important and meanwhile people have burdened excessive pressure , younger students ' art and music education should not take the second place .
challenges are different from generation to generation
while debating about generation issues , people always have different opinions .
some people believe that little things changed through generation , while others claim that generation differences are presented in every way .
in my opinion , i believe that every prospective between generations alters and especially the challenges for this generation are significantly different from the last generation .
first , under globalization and industrial integration , the work - related challenges for this generation are getting more complicated and challenging .
the successful people are those who can quickly respond to this rapid - changing world .
in the past , focusing on one skill was enough to deal with the problems because every industry was rather small in size and simple to manage .
however , as those industries expand and become internationalized , people are required to equip with multiple skills to answer those challenges .
for example , now there are more chances to do business with people around the world , so besides one ' s own profession , language ability is essential as well .
for another example , financial crimes are rampant in the 21st century , thus surging up demands for those who excel at both laws and financial management .
second , this generation is encountering the self - recognition issue which could not be experienced by the previous generation .
the past generation was given less freedom and was usually asked to follow the paths their parents had prepared for them .
in contrast , young people in this generation are exposed to more creative ideas and rather think individually .
they are eager for finding who they are and what they really want .
it is fortunate that they can struggle with these sweet worries and these worries are indeed never easy for them .
they have to make decisions between so many possibilities and they are responsible for taking the consequences .
in conclusion , challenges for this generation are more complicated and diverse than the past generation , whether in career or in self - identification .
it is hard to judge which generation ' s problems are more difficult but it is no doubt that until the next generation , there will be whole new challenges waiting for the next youngsters .
effects of mobile phones
nowadays , the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well , such as social , medical and technical problems .
however , i do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones .
in this essay , i would like to analyze these three issues in order to support my viewpoint .
first of all , almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems .
mobile phones are not out of expectation .
speaking loudly on the phone in public areas , such as schools , libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive .
what is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other .
nevertheless , it is not impossible to solve these problems , as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented .
it is also worth mentioning that some harmful effects on our health are lethal .
it has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers , although the further investigation are needed .
another debatable problem is about techniques .
there is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party .
this possibility exists all the time .
but a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users .
moreover , the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people ' s daily life .
not only used for communication , but it also functions as an internet browser , a music player , a personal organizer and so forth .
in conclusion , nothing can be overused without side effects .
the contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people ' s dependence on it is irreversible , although it has a number of problems that should be well handled .
whether it is better to have broad knowledge or not
views differ considerably when it comes to the issue of whether having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
some people believe that having a broad knowledge can give you a higher chance to success , while others think that professional in a specific subject is the key to enroll a success .
both of the opposite arguments appear to be somewhat convincing and stand to reason .
as far as i am concerned , having a large scale of different knowledge is the key to success .
the following will present my points .
first of all , when one knows different region ' s works , it will help one to get a friend much easier .
for example , i worked in a large company , which has many different departments .
i was in the management information system department .
what we do every day is to solve the problem that our clients asked in the phone .
while some of the problems are the engineering department ' s part , i went there and discussed with the colleagues there , since i have studied some of the engineering courses .
it is much easier for us to contact than any other person in my department , which made me popular there , and much easier to get the help that i need .
second , when you want to translate your major , it is important to know some of the things about different fields .
take my cousin jeff and his friend as an example .
they majored in financing when they were in college .
but , they decided to enroll in the art system after graduated .
thanks to jeff ' s hard working during his leisure time , he learned a lot about the history of art .
things ended up that he joined in a great team , while his friend who only knew financing issues can do nothing but worked in a bank .
although i agree with the idea that knowing different fields is important .
i think i still have to point out that there are some different points of view .
people who hold different opinion may argue that if one can ’ t success one ’ s own major , what else things he can do in different filed .
of course , it may be true when talking about this topic .
however , what if one finally find out him or her has the talent in other filed .
in this way , it won ’ t be a problem at all .
in conclusion , given the reasons described above , when the advantages and disadvantages of whether having the knowledge in different fields is better or not are carefully compared .
the best choice is obviously stand on my side , which is that a broad knowledge of different subjects is really important .
tv has adverse effects on friends and family
nowdays there are different resources to entertain , educate and inform people .
one of this resource is television ; however television has some negative effects among some people .
therefore , i agree that television has destroyed communication among friends and family .
some people spend a lot of time watching television , others even eat watching television , and some others make of this media a priority .
first of all , some people spend a lot of time watching television .
instead of spend time with family and friends , they like to seat on a chair for hours .
i know someone who wakes up in the morning and before even eat he turns the television on , he even records the programs he cannot watch during work hours .
sometimes his wife wants to talk before they go to work , but he only let her talk during commercials .
so , she is used to his habit that she prefers to write him an email .
time with the family is gold , some people have to realize that and take quality of time to talk to them .
another way television has destroyed communication is when some people cannot even seat at the table and have dinner with the family .
this is the time , when if they have children , they can share everything about school , a project and even concerns .
also , when there is a dinner with friends , some people do not have a fluid conversation because the television is again in between them .
when family or friends gather together to have a good time eating and talking , this is not the reality in some cases .
finally , some people make the television a priority .
i remember a friend told me one day that because she was watching a telenovela i could not go to her house a certain time during the night .
honestly , i was in shock !
how she could say that to me ?.
as i have said , television is a great tool to learn , entertain and inform what is happening , but i agree that television has destroyed communication among friends and family as soon as television become a priority , spend a lot of time watching it and eat in front of the television .
spending equal amount of money on libraries and sports ?
university students can be divided into two groups , one group with less interest to study and the other which include hard working students .
usually the second group ' s members do not have enough time to do exercise .
we all know doing exercise for at least 30 minutes form the basis of the healthy and happy life .
but i don ' t think that equal amount of money should be spent on academic issues like libraries and laboratories and physical or social activities .
first , in my view spending too much money for equipping the gyms or constructing football / basketball courts are really not necessary to encourage students to do sports .
for example , my roommate , mary , always wakes up 6 in the morning and spends 1 hour doing sport in the park which is near our dormitory .
when she gets to the dorm , she is really full of energy and after taking a shower , she is ready to start a good day .
as you see , she is doing exercise without spending a cent .
what the university should do is informing the students the benefits of doing sport by hanging some posters in the campus , inviting some athletes to lecture for students and encourage them to spend some time for their body and health .
in addition , students choose their major based on their interests .
the university should provide the best equipment needed for physical education students .
because their major in completely involved in physical activities .
in contrast , for an engineer or a medicine student i do not find it fair enough to equip gyms instead of their laboratories , because it really make the students enthusiastic to use innovative technology to learn and maybe find new things in their field .
finally , spending money on social activities looks like wasting money .
for students who want to gather with their friends or want to go out to meet new people , university programs are the last place they would choose .
for example when i and my friends want to spend time with each other , we prefer to go out of university to the places where we do not want to be disturbed by any familiar people .
in conclusion , i do not deny the importance of doing sports in the success of university students , but i think both sports and social activities should not receive equal amount of money with libraries and laboratories .
ability to relate well to people vs studying hard
to agree or disagree the statement that as far as getting a successful job in the future concerned , good ability of relating to people is more crucial than studying hard in the univeirsity is a matter of balancing its pros and cons .
however , if one coniders the issue carefully , he or she may agree the title statement as i do .
first of all , friends is a treasure with respect to either our daylife or our career .
relating well to people can bring plenty of merits to future job .
having a good ability of relate to people means you have a number of friends in a variety of fields , imagine when you are in trouble , you have a lot of people who have good relationship with you , so you can ask for your friends to help you solve this problem as soon as possible , even an esy phone call , instend of a series of complex solutions .
futuermore , no matter who you are a top - level managers of a company or a low - level employee of that company , relating well to people is also a importent issue .
if top - level managers want to make a project successful , have a good relationship with their subordinaries is the prerequisit for the managers ' work complete successfully , managers should listen to their employees needs and complaints about this job , pay much patiant and care to them .
consequently , make a good relationship with them .
on the other side , if a low - level employee desire to enhance his position , it ' s fairly important to have a good relationship with their boss , only if the employee is considered excellent in his boss ' s eyes , he will be more possible to enhance position .
however , someone may maintain that good specify knowledge is more crucial for future job .
studying harder in school , getting a good resume and absorbing lots of working knowledge , which can make these graduates more competitive than other applicants in one certain job .
but imagine it , a person who is good at working knowledge but has an poorly relate to people , and a person who has a good ability of relating to people but his working knowledge is less better than the former , which person do you want to be ?
i think majority of people would choose the former because it has more chance than the latter in terms of getting good jobs in the future .
in my point of view , i do really prefer to improve my ability of relating people and make more friends rather than studying hard in school .
it is essential to have ability to plan and organize
with the fast rolling wheels of modern society , life becomes more complex and is not easy to handle than in the past .
therefore , it is essential for people , especially young ones , to possess the ability to plan and organize since it can improve the efficiency and reduce the crisis of our actions .
meanwhile , eliminating meaningless actions .
first of all , great planning and organizing ability is able to cause our actions more efficient and productive .
take myself as an example , i used to be overwhelmed by the burden of preparing for the final exam , submitting my paper , and finishing my internship work at the end of each term .
yet , in this year , following the suggestion of my roommate , john , i make a to - do list to plan and organize perfectly everything i should get done in the final and hence take every tasks and trivials into control .
this plan ability helps me a lot , making me climb to the top rank of the class while finishing everything else .
equally important , the capacity to plan and organize also help young people to eliminate the crisis in their actions , which may ruin one ' s whole effort over a very long time .
as we all know , the employees in every company have to create profit as much as they can for their supervisors and complete their assignments perfectly .
if some employees lack the ability to plan and organize ahead , they may get the procrastination and therefore take into action until the deadline is imminent .
however , things have been changing all the time .
for instance , the deadline of task is shifted to an earlier date for the change of company ' s schedule .
in this case , those employees who did not plan and finish their assignments ahead of time perhaps are unable to finish these tasks on time and therefore will be penalized or get fired .
every employee can not afford this kind of loss .
finally , some assert that the ability to plan and organize can be learned until obtaining a job .
thus , it is not need for young people to possess this ability .
nevertheless , this ability is also essential for young people since young people can overcome their bad habits and fulfill their goals more quickly with this ability .
as searching information on the internet , young people are probably distracted by other attractions such as online games or social webs .
at this circumstances , they would surf on the internet for hours and end up no where .
it is obviously a huge waste of time .
but if they make their plan in the first place , and then stick to their plans , they could get their work done quickly beyond their imagination .
in this complex society , we , young people , are encompassed with multiple tasks , so the ability to plan and organize is undoubtedly a powerful and sharp weapon that we must be armed with .
students should attend to classes or it should be optional ?
nowadays , it is often claimed that attending classes has a lot of benefits for students and provide them with a variety of learning opportunities ( options ) as well .
on the contrary to this popular belief , there are still those who subscribe to this view that having a choice for attending classes enable students to study at home and through this way they do not waste their time for commuting and also they can save their money .
however , i am inclined to believe that being present at classes seems a wiser option .
first and foremost , i truly believe that being present at classes provide students with opportunity of communicating with other students that is beneficial for understanding new material by reviewing them throughout the free times in college .
also , they can help each other for learning materials better .
however , if they do not attend classes they cannot use the help of others for assisting them to comprehend difficult problems .
another significant fact which should be taken into consideration is that by the help of teachers , students can understand ideas faster and easier since teachers explain them thoroughly in the class and after that give them a lot of examples to clarify the points .
in this way attending classes not only wastes their time but also facilitates their understanding process that takes them less time for comprehending materials in comparison with self - study .
finally yet importantly , appearing in class makes students more conscientious since they have to obey class ’ s disciplines and they practice to be more perseverance in the process of doing their assignments .
however , the ones who choose to study at home do not have any discipline for their studies and cannot force themselves to study in particular times .
through this way , they may miss some important parts in virtue of the chaotic and incoherent study .
on the basis of the points mentioned above , i convinced that communicating and studying with peer group is a good way for learning materials .
moreover , teachers have a conspicuous role in assisting students for learning materials that being present at classes is a requisite for benefiting it .
also , attending to classes makes students more attentive and have them to do their studies on time that this attitude lead them to success .
telephones and emails have made personal communication less required
there are many advantage of these invention , telephones and email .
communication between people by using telephones and email made my life easier .
i personally disagree with this notion that these types of communication , telephones and email , made people less personal .
i will give several reasons to support my opinion .
to begin with , telephones and email help people , who live far away from other people , to connect each other .
unlike email , send message by using mail service could be lost and could be sent to wrong address .
i can using telephones and email to talk or write directly to people i want to connect with .
for example , right now , i am in the u . s .
it is not possible to have conversation in person with my parents , who live in my country .
consequently , i can make a phone call or write email to my parents whenever i want .
telephones and email made me feel close to my parents .
second , using telephones and email could express some important words better than face - to - face communication .
for instant , sometime when i argue with my friends , i cannot express my self to my friends at that moment .
so , when i have a time to realize what had happened , i could explain the real thought that i want to express without emotion .
thus , these types of communications make me feel personal .
telephones and email make me feel personal because i could directly connect with people that i love .
beside , i could express my personal thought through telephones and email .
as a result , i believe that telephones and email do not make communication between people less personal .
big city vs small town
i highly prefer living in a big city to living in countryside .
the big cities have lots of advantages and facilities over the small towns .
where a person lives and grow up is very important to his future life , because the environment that a person grow up , build the personality and his / her culture .
there are lots of social places in big cities like restaurants , museums , bars , sporting clubs , cinemas , theatre and etc .
people in big cities have many options to enjoy their life and spend their times with their friends in social places in contrary to people living in small towns who have few choices and at most cases one bar or one cinema to socialize with their friends .
in big cities educational facilities is quite better than small towns with more experienced and profession teachers .
it ’ s undisputed that in this modern world education has a very important role in the human kind future life .
better education results better career and been well paid .
so persons in big cities have more chance to get the better job than people living in small towns .
also lots of companies placed in big cities and there are more job positions in there than small towns .
but by living in big cities one sacrifices quiet and peaceful life with breathing fresh air and loses much time in traffic and anyway for transportation , because distances in big cities often are too far to pass quickly .
every technology has it ’ s good and bad effects but i prefer having the technologies with their disadvantages to living like 16 century without any of modern facilities of technology .
in addition to what mentioned , medical technologies is completely better in big cities and in my view this profit overcomes all the bad influences of technologies on human kind .
in conclusion , in my view living in big cities is quite funnier and better and more exciting than living in small towns because of many more social places , technologies facilities , better education and medical services .
which do you prefer : do only what you already do well , or not .
you may love to try new things and take risks even if you aren ' t good at the things .
that may help you expand experiences , look for your personalities and find your new talents .
this ideal , however , doesn ' t necessarily be accomplished .
if not , you might lose another chance that you could use to accomplish other things .
so , i definitely believe that you should focus on what you are good at .
focusing what you are good at helps you attain your goal .
without doubt , the more time you spend on what you do well , the more likely to achieve something great you will be .
for instance , albert einstein , one of the most competent physicians in history , devoted most of his life to develop theory in physics and finally established special and general relativity .
instead , he hardly cared about something else .
it is said that , surprisingly , he never tried to distinguish a hand soup and a facial soup because , at least for him , using two different soups properly was quite annoying .
as the example above indicates , you will be more likely to accomplish your purpose by concentrating on what you do well .
if you keep doing what you already do well , you can be better good at it .
when you ' re doing something well , you will feel more satisfied and more interested in it .
then , you will motivate yourself to do more .
to give an example , i used to be good at math when i was in junior high school .
because i was really satisfied with the fact that i could do preferably , i became to absorb myself to try more advanced level of math problems .
as a result , i could not only get higher scores in math test but also solve the university - level problems .
thus , by doing what you are good at , you will be better at it .
in summary , doing what you can already do well helps you make a big accomplishment and do it much better .
children managing their own money - best way to learn responsibility
one of the best characteristics of a mature adult is responsibility , specially in financially matters .
actually what is the best way to learn responsibility ?
many people argue about learning their children the financial responsibility in young ages or in adulthood .
i am a kind of person who believes to children should learn to manage their own money at a young age , due to reasons that i stated below .
the first important point that i want to make is that sociologists found that our characteristics and personality forms early in life , even though when we are not borne .
so it is crucial to learn our children as soon as possible to learn financially issues .
to clarify my point i would like to say a memory from my childhood , when i was at age 7 my father gave me monthly money to buy thing that i liked .
first time i spend the whole money to eat at school and my money finished .
i asked my father for extra money , but he refuse to give it to me .
i found that i should manage the way that i spend money .
from then i learned to be economical and now i have every thing i wanted .
another aspect of learning children to manage their money is on the finance of the family .
if parents get the children all they wanted , they would be run out of their money for their essential needs .
even in rich families if children did not learn to manage their own money , when they grow up they will become unappreciative and dependent persons who want to just used their parents prosperity .
as a case in point , i had a friend to had a rich and prosperous family , his parent gave him everything he demanded from his childhood .
he became an arrogant person who could not stand on his feet and always asked for money .
his parent tried a lot and hired some experts to learn him manage his financial and carrier life , but unfortunately it was useless .
finally one night , having fun with his irresponsible friend in his luxuries car , he crashed a truck and died .
not only did he cause lots of damage to the society property , but also bring sorry to his family .
although some people argue that children should be free to spend money to they what they want , in my opinion it is very important to learn our children from their beginning of their life to be financially responsible persons , because our personality form in childhood and it is not easy to change it in adulthood .
influence of large factories
nowadays , whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society .
out of the case of economic development , industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society .
however a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution .
from my point of view , the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages , if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories .
first of all , a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate .
to manufacture goods , there must be the demand of laborers , from which the local residents can benefit .
what is more , the factory is not isolated , other industries and business will be quickly established , resulting in economic growth of local area .
for example , the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers ' accommodation need .
the main disadvantage is contamination .
it is true that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry , such as water pollution , overcrowded traffic and medical problems .
for instance , in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems , such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances .
however , it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society .
therefore , how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it .
in fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well .
in conclusion , installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries .
its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way .
should students be taught to compete or to cooperate ?
it is always said that competition can effectively promote the development of economy .
in order to survive in the competition , companies continue to improve their products and service , and as a result , the whole society prospers .
however , when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation , what we are concerned about is not the whole society , but the development of an individual ' s whole life .
from this point of view , i firmly believe that we should attach more importance to cooperation during primary education .
first of all , through cooperation , children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students .
what we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly , how to get along with others .
during the process of cooperation , children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others , how to communicate with others , how to think comprehensively , and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred .
all of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life .
on the other hand , the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory .
hence it is always said that competition makes the society more effective .
however , when we consider about the question that how to win the game , we always find that we need the cooperation .
the greater our goal is , the more competition we need .
take olympic games which is a form of competition for instance , it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach , and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet , and those who are in charge of the medical care .
the winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team .
therefore without the cooperation , there would be no victory of competition .
consequently , no matter from the view of individual development or the relationship between competition and cooperation we can receive the same conclusion that a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one ' s success .
dancing plays an important role in a culture .
in every country , people do dance for fun , for entertrain , and for decrease a stress .
dancing is also one of important parts of culture that represent to something that people believe .
many cultures do dance to show a great prosperous of its culture .
and also dancing to entertain people .
i will give reasons to support my opinion .
first , dancing are significant part of culture that could show to something that people believe .
for example , some culture people believe that they dance in order to sacrifice to their god so they will be get a happy life .
or some part of the world that are in arid area believe that if they danced , the rain would come .
consequently , dancing are the part of people belief .
secondly , dancing can represent to civilization of that culture .
for instance , i have seen many western movies that when a kingdom have visitor from another kingdom , king or queen would dance to show a splendid of their kingdom culture .
the way of movement , the way that they costume and also a music while they dance .
all this is a civilization of their culture .
thirdly , many culture , people have many ways to entertain themselves .
and dancing is one of that ways .
both people who see and dance also have a good time .
for example , many event , such as christmas , last christmas i went to mall to buy gifts , and i was entertained by group of people in santa custom dancing in christmas song .
i felt that people around me happy and group of santas also happy to see people happy .
in conclusion , i strongly agree with notion that dancing is an important part of culture because dancing are represent to believe of people .
besides , dancing could show how civilization of that culture is .
moreover , people use dancing to entertain themselves .
so dancing is important in every culture .
the internet provides a lot of valuable information
in the modern society , internet is considered as one of the most important inventions over the past century .
some people believe that several problems occur from an information on the internet .
however , some say that the internet provides a lot of valuable information .
in my opinion , i agree with the latter because the internet gives daily necessary information , people can gain knowledge and they can explore the world .
first of all , everybody would like to know what is going on around the world in their everyday lives .
sometimes , they want an information that can help them in daily life which the internet can provide all of these to people .
for example , a businessman who has no time to watch a television or read a newspaper can receive news and check stock markets easily via the internet .
in addition , people can gain more knowledge by using the internet , the most useful technology in the world .
many people such as students can take online courses to study at home or they can watch beneficial videos which also teach them knowledge .
not only students but also everyone could get more information and knowledge .
for instance , people who have problems with their health can search for more information about it .
last but not least , the internet makes the world becomes smaller which is a good thing .
this is because people who have no time or have financial problems could travel around the world by using the internet .
they can see lots of picture and videos of many interesting places .
moreover , people can learn other countries ' s culture and tradition which makes them have more knowledge about that nations .
to conclude , people are satisfied with the internet and sometimes even thanks it because it helps us in studying , doing business and exploring the world .
with valuable information it provides , people can enjoy their lives much more .
universities require students to study many subjects or specialize in one subject
university is the place that provides people knowledge and skills to use in their real life .
some universities require students to study in one subject .
on the contrary , others require students to study in several subjects .
in my point of view , studying many subjects is better that one because students can study in subjects that they interested in , they can gain knowledge more than one field and they will have more chance to choose their future .
first of all , when students finished their high schools , they are confused about subjects that they are going to choose to study in universities .
this is because they interested in many subjects and they want to try them all .
for example , pupil who want to study science are also like to learn music .
therefore , requiring students to study in many subjects is good for them .
in addition , people who know a wide range of is better than people who know just one .
students can gain more knowledge in every different subjects thy study .
for instance , university students who study business are also know history of the world .
furthermore , students not only gain knowledge but they also have more experience because they will meet new friends and teachers .
hence , they all can share opinion and knowledge to one another .
finally , students who graduated with a variety of courses during university and lots of experience are definitely have more opportunity to choose their future or career .
this is because graduates can work in various kind of works which they can select a job they prefer .
for example , students will choose a career that they want including the job with high salary include .
moreover , bachelors can earn lots of money by working in other fields due to their knowledge .
in concluding , learning several subjects in universities is better than specialize in one subject because it makes students have more chance to gain knowledge to use in their lives and opportunity to choose their own future .
best ways of reducing stress : listening to music , exercise , meditation
nowadays , we are living in in the world which is absolutely complicated .
everything seem to be rush , and it have a lot of competition .
these make people get stress .
thus , many people try to reduce their stress .
there are many activities that could relieve those people who are in stress .
in my opinion , reducing stress by listening to music , playing sports , and doing meditation are easy and practical ways .
first of all , listening to music is a great way to relax .
for example , when i go to office , i use public transport .
i see many things such as traffic jam , crowded people at bus stop , and all so crowded people in buses .
these make me stress .
so that i always listen music from my mp3 player .
i could enjoy listening music without thinking of people around me .
consequently , i feel happy when i listen music .
second , another way that is perfectly work for everyone to reduce the stress is exercise .
for instance , i alway have many things in my mind such as a difficult of my work that i have to finish in time .
these problem sometime make me hard to fall asleep because it make me stress .
thus , after work , i always do exercise , and jogging is my favorite sport .
i feel that after working out , i am easily to fall asleep .
exercising not only reduce my stress but also make me get a good health .
third , meditation also one of the ways to reduce the stress .
when i have many things to think about , and this make me stress , i will do meditation .
meditation is easy way to relax because it is not require any equipment , and it take few minutes .
a way to do meditation is that i just sit down , close my eyes , and count my breath .
these could relieve me from stress .
in conclusion , there are many ways to reduce the stress .
in my point of view , listening to music , exercising , and doing meditation are the most activities that people could do to escape from stress .
it is are easy and usable .
and everyone should find the time to do more and more to feel better physically and in everyone mind .
should replace normal classroom with online computer classes ?
there are many advantages of distance learning , but it should not replace classroom learning .
learning in classroom could provide more information to study .
besides , learning in classroom are not only learning academic skills but also learning social skills , and learning how to solve problem in real situation .
consequently , i completely disagree with this statement that we should replace normal course with online course .
i will give reasons to support my opinion .
to begin with , learning in classroom could provide more information and make students more comprehend in subjects that they had learnt .
because in classroom have many equipment to demonstrate real example .
for example , in biology class , learning anatomy by operating fog have many benefits .
learner could learn how to use tools and see actual organs of fog .
unlike classroom , online class just only study in textbook not learnin real situation .
secondly , online class could not provide knowledge about social skills .
for instance , in a classroom , teacher could give assignment to student to work as a group .
this could help students to learn how to deal with people , how to collaborate with people in their group .
this important skill cannot be gotten in online classes .
lastly , learning in classroom , student could have healthier life because in school can provide exercise class which train student to move their body .
classroom have specialist trainer to teach students to it right way .
if student do it by themselves , they might be hurt themselves .
this make students have healthier life which online class cannot provide .
in conclusion , i personally disagree this this notion that we should replace classroom with online class .
because , classroom could provide real actual example to make students more understand in their subject .
besides , classroom courses are also provide students to learn social skill .
moreover , classroom could provide exercise class to set students to have a good health .
thus , having classroom could provide abundant skills to students .
experiences that have shaped your outlook and the way you live
many circumstances that i experienced change the way i think .
there are many experiences that are improve my life in many way .
for example , i could improve the way that i solve problems , improve how i take care of my health , and improve to plan my life for future .
i will give reasons to support my opinion .
to begin with , studying in university taught me to be more prudent person to solve problems .
for example , in math class , the way that we learnt to find an answer by doing step by step .
start with find cause of problem and the way to do research to solve the problem .
i could adapt this method to use my real life .
when i want to go to somewhere , i try to find the way to reach to destination .
which ways are shortest and which ways are less consume my time .
i could find a better way to solve problems .
secondly , some experiences could teach me the way to take care of myself .
for instance , reading and listening the news about choosing a good diet are the way to keep myself are more healthy .
thus , i am always buy a quality food such as organic food .
this food are not have chemical .
so that , i can have a good health .
this experience teach me to aware my health .
lastly , experiences are also change to plan for my future life .
for example , i read about saving money for my retire is a good plan for my life .
consequently , i start changing myself from spending many thing that i want to saving money for my entire life .
this experience change me to concern about making plan for my future life .
in conclusion , experiences that shape my thinking and the way to live my life are teach me to be a better person .
because i could find a better way to solve problems .
besides , experiences could shape me to be more aware about my health .
moreover , these experiences could make me to make plan for my future life .
these experiences taught me to change my life to be a better person .
some people prefer to work for a large company
companies vary from small to large ones based on the context , success and needs of their work .
small companies usually have a local job in the area , while large companies work in an international context providing for the entire nation or even for other foreign countries .
i personally prefer to work for a large company for several reasons .
first , to find a job in a large company is way more easier than to find a job in a small company .
large companies always look for new skilled employees to fill in their need of distributing , managing and selling their products in different countries .
for example , if a large company decides to open a branch in a foreign country , they would need more employees in that country to work there .
in other words , large company equals more job opportunity .
second , i think that a large company can give better salaries than a smaller one .
the fact that a company is a large one , this means that it ' s having a considerable success .
in other words , this means that the company can give more salaries to its employees .
for instance , common sense would tell us that a famous and international known company won ' t give the same salary as a small local company .
third , i love travelling around the world .
large companies have an international reputation , as they organize international conferences , meetings and workshops which will give me the opportunity to travel in different countries and meet new people .
as well as learning new skills in my field from these workshops .
in conclusion , i can certainly state that i would rather prefer working in a large company than in a small one .
i have different reasons to hold that , such as having a better chance to find work , having a better salary and having the opportunity to travel around the world to attend international conferences .
higher education should be available only to good students or not
no one can disagree that knowledge is the most important for everyone .
college and university are playing in an important role to provide academic skills to people in order to pursue their goal .
there are an issue that some people agree that this opportunity should be preserved for good students however there are others people who think that everyone should have this chance to gain these advance skills from college or university .
this issue will be discussed .
first of all , many people think that college and university should consider students to study with them only if they are good students .
the reason is that studying in advance education take a huge of money .
college and university do not want people who not qualify for to waste their money in these expensive courses and waste their time .
they believe that only good students have potentials to success programs more that those who are not considered as good students .
consequently , mediocre students are not have a chance to gain these advance knowledge from college and university .
on the other hand , there are some people think that all students should have equal opportunity to study in higher education .
of course , higher education take a lot of money and a lot of time however moderate students should have a chance to try .
everyone that has strongly ambition could pursue and success their goal even they are not classified as a good student because people can change .
with a good environment in college or university is encouraging students to study harder for a good future .
thus , mediocre students should have opportunity to be trained in college and university .
in conclusion , i personally agree with that college and university should be available for all students who want to pursue their goal .
students can have opportunity to learn , to practice , to gain more knowledge for their career and for their future .
studying in college and university is a great opportunity that all students should have .
disagree playing computer games wastes time and students should not be allowed !
it is a debatable subject that children should not be allowed to play computer games since playing computer games is a a waste of time .
i hold a positive view against this opinion .
first and foremost , a large number of students are obsessed in on - line computer games and as a result their performance in school are declined .
an investigation done by beijing university shows that 80 % of the students who failed in the final exam paid 2 hours or more on - online games every week , while 90 % excellent students expressed that they did not touch computer games during the most of the days .
recent research by scientist also reveals that the youngs are more likely to be attacted by and lose themselves in these computer games , because of their low control ability .
second , children could learn nothing from these computer games , therefore time on this activity is really time wasting .
since all these games are developed for commercial purpose and in order to catch the eyes of the children , majority of the games use war , violence , bloody , or sexual subjects to lure the students .
however , those subjects are not suitable for the students and will bring bad effects to the youths .
admittedly , there are a few students paying considerable time on the computer games playing finally choose computer games related jobs as their career .
but we have to realize the fact : majority of the students failed in front of the computer games playing and they use their time for studying , sleeping and physical exerice to play these computer games .
it is not uncommon that the teenages are found sleepless for several days playing on - line games at public internet bar , and there are also some media reports regarding the sudden death case of the teenages in the internet bar .
in conclusion , i believe it is better that children are not be allowed to play the computer games .
the computer games are like cigerate to adults and we need to set up rules to regulate this area .
do you think classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by e - mail
when it comes to the question whether classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by email , i am of the view that wok in person is preferred because this means help to achieve a good communication .
firstly , team members may have different views and they need to reach a union opinion efficiently .
obviously , discussion face to face in a meeting is much better than by emails .
an experiment conducted by the beijing university asked two groups of people to discuss the budget of an activity .
the first group was asked to discuss in person , while the second group was asked to discuss by email .
the result shows that the 1st group used 30 minutes to reach the agreement on the budget , while it takes 30 hours for the later one .
the similar experiment done by other scientist show the same result that people can reach an agreement quickly if they could talk to each other .
secondly , work in person can indirectly improve the quality and the efficiency of the project because there will be less conflicts or fight amongst the team members .
writing an email for an informal matter will make that matter looks official , therefore people who receives the email may feel nervous or maybe feel offended by the words in writing .
while if the same words are expressed in talking , the counterparty will feel more relaxed since their response will not be recorded and they will not misunderstand the informal discussion to an official claim .
therefore , less misunderstanding leads to less conflicts and fights , and enhance the communication amongst the team members .
admittedly , sometimes we have to use emails if the team members are not located in the same place .
although emails are not convenient for the work but it is better than none .
since it is a classroom or campus projects , there is few possibility that the project members are located in different areas .
while we should realize that in a project , there are numerous coordination works are required , if each opinion is communicated via email , there will be hundreds or thousands of emails there that we know this is not a good experience .
in conclusion , i prefer the project members to work in person rather them by email because work in person will be more efficient .
prepared food
nowadays , more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals , since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society .
however it is obvious that prepared food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients , ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people ' s eating habits .
in this essay , i would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above .
first of all , to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious , almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people .
some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences .
for instance , there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases .
thus , easy - to - cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human ' s health .
not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition .
it is true that cooking prepared food needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food .
whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared food is unable to support enough nutrients we need , especially for children who are growing up .
in addition , cooking is one of arts humans create .
the more prepared food we eat the more cooking skills we lose .
at the increasing living pace , the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes .
but rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits , which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking .
in conclusion , although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work , it is not a good thing .
cooking is not a waste of time , contrarily , it is crucial for our health and culture .
professors should do more research or teach students ?
these days , more and more university professors are involved in scientific research .
some are afraid that this will lead to the decline of education quality and suggest them to spend more time on teaching .
however , according to my experiences , professors should be encouraged to mainly do research .
first of all , doing research is a method of self - improvement for professors .
universities are relatively fenced environment .
the research projects provide communication with the outside .
in addition , by doing research , professors could catch up with the latest development of modern technologies .
i still remembered that my professor took part in several research projects when i was in college .
he was often invited to do speech in other universities .
although my university is not in the high - ranking list , he gained a reputation by those projects .
the research projects like windows opened to the wider world .
secondly , professors should fully use the research - friendly environment provided by universities .
it is very common to see state - of - the - art laboratories in the campus .
also , you could not find another place with so much talent people gathering together .
consequently , there is really no reason to discourage professors from using those advantages .
we all know that einstein developed the theory of general relativity when he was a professor in hu berlin .
universities positively contribute the professors ' success .
last but not least , doing research could also improve the teaching quality .
with the help of research projects , professors could lead their students into the practical world from the classroom .
they can easily teach students how to imply the knowledge in practice .
i still remembered the experience of being an assistant in one of my professor ' s research project .
by participating in it , i had opportunities to use theories on textbooks in real life experiments .
the research project provides a more efficient way of teaching .
for those reasons , it is natural to support the professors spending more time on doing research .
while extending the way of their own development , the outcomes of the researches will also benefit the whole society .
learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .
every person learn in their own manner which they think that is most expedient to them .
as for the learning by yourself , it has some certain profit .
it gives you a chance to concentrate on what you learn cause there is no one who distracts your attention in presence of you , and your learning becomes more profound .
in addition , the learning with a teacher makes us bear more burdens of studies cause they assign us homework ,
nevertheless , i prefer to learn with a teacher rather than learn by myself .
firstly , the distinguishing fact of the learning with a teacher is that you can ask about problems related your studies .
in other words , when we encounter difficulty in our study which we can not make out , that asking the difficulty from our teacher is propitious way for us to solve it instantly .
in addition , professors and teachers have much experience and knowledge , and are so dextrous with letting students understand their study .
they know something which are not incorporated in such materials as books and webpages .
hence i , in my class , often communicate with my teacher to find a coordinated answer to a my faced problem , and my classmates are so accustomed to communicating with the teacher .
secondly , in my mind , the learning with a teacher is more efficient than by myself .
we can accomplish our assignments with little help of a teacher within less time than do it by ourself .
furthermore , the teachers play important role in leading us to right direction .
moreover , this gives us opportunity to rise our educational level to an exited degree .
knowledge may be thereby better improved and strengthened .
finally , of course , being without a teacher has shortcomings .
notable one of the shortcomings is that if someone faced so complicated confusion in his study and his many endeavors on making out it were miscarried , this might be ended in disappointment .
i think that for one who depends on only himself in learning , his improvement of ability , with regard to cooperation and express his opinion , is unpromising .
hence i support this point that the learning with a teacher is better .
technology designed to make people ' s lives simpler often make them more complicated
many people think they are blessed to be in the era of high technology .
with newly developing technologies , people are able to carry various tasks more convenient and easy .
for example , we no longer have to travel to dmv to renew our driver ' s license or drive to bank for sending money .
ancient people would probably think that we are like magicians .
however , even with all the conveniences , we would have to admit that technologies made our lives more complicated .
there are couple reasons and examples to support my answer .
of course , new technologies are always great .
however , it takes time for people to adapt them .
since we are informed with devices that are produced with new features nearly every day , many people often get lost .
for instance , i use new iphone which i personally think is great .
however , even though i used it for couple months , i still do not know how to use all the features proficiently .
at first , i tried to go through all the instructions but , soon , i gave up because i found out that it is time - consuming and there are too many things to learn .
next , technology destroys the language .
ever since people used computers or cellphones to chat with others , they created their own language to communicate .
because people try to type as fast as they are talking , they use a lot of abbreviations and broken language .
this has gotten worse with twitter , myspace , and facebook .
what are even worse , young people who are still in the early ages are exposed to them and impeded by the newly developed inventions .
to clarify , my younger brother does not know how to spell the words correctly and he talks to his friends with terms that i have never heard of .
i have tried to correct him for couple times but he just thinks that i am too conservative .
although technologies allowed us to have a convenient life , it has made our lives more chaotic according to the reasons mentioned above .
part time job for teenage students
when we talk about student , we generally mean a boy or a girl who study in school or college .
in some country , teenage students have the opportunity to do some part time job beside their study .
however , some people do not support the concept of teenagers doing job beside study .
in my view , it is good for a teenager to do a part time job while he / she is still a student and this is for two reasons .
the main reason is that students can learn lots of things from part time job , before starting their real job .
students can learn about time management , money management and convince people by their words .
for example , when i was in my high school i worked as a sales - man in a shop for a year .
as i had to spend some of my time in my job , therefore , i had to manage my time efficiently .
i had to manage my boss as well as had to prepare my homework .
this taught me how to manage time efficiently and do any job quickly and effectively .
moreover , i learn money management .
when my boss was out of the shop , i had to manage the accounts section of the shop .
from this i learned , how to manage money correctly .
this experience taught me , doing part time job can help students to learn many things .
another reason is that from part time jobs students can earn money , which can help their parents .
for instance , when i was in high school i worked as a home tutor .
i taught math to two kids of my neighbor .
i helped them to understand the difficult topics of the books .
by tutoring them , i earned some money and bought me books with it .
moreover , after taking that part time job i stopped taking my pocket money form my parents .
as you can see , part time job can help students earn money and which can help their parents financially .
in sum , i am sure ; some people will oppose the idea of part time job for students .
they will argue , it can destruct students from their study .
however , as i did part time job in my high school and it did not hurt my academic result ; therefore , i believe part time job will be good for students .
every student should do part time job beside their study if they want to prepare more efficiently for their future .
which is better - learning foreign language in home or host country ?
our world has varied cultures and each culture has its own language .
it has become essential for a person to learn at least one foreign language as one do interacts with foreigners once in a lifetime and learning a foreign langauge adds on to a person skill - set as well .
also , i think its better that people learn foreign language in their own country .
the reasons for holding that opinion are illustrated in the subsequent paragraphs .
first of all , it is not possible for everyone to visit a foreign country to learn a foreign language as it requires large amount of money and legal formalities .
in the earlier periods , it was not easy to find a teacher to learn a foreign languge .
but with the advent of globalization , one can easily find a teacher in their own country .
for example , in indian sub - continent there are large number of centers opened for getting trained in variety of languages like french , german etc .
second , colleges and universities have introduced foreign language course as a part of their curriculum .
students can choose any language from the set of languages available at a university .
so , it is very easy to learn a foreign in our own country .
also , highly qualified foreign language teachers are easily accessible in various schools and colleges .
third , technology has also played a great role in reducing the separation between learning a foreign languge in our own country .
a large number of foreign language courses are available online and there are various forums where people can discuss their problems on different foreign languages .
to sum up , it is better for people to learn a foreign language in their own country .
it is cost effective and there is a pool of opportunities available now to accomplish the same .
one long vacation or several long vacation
everybody require some break from their tight schedules likewise students also require vacation form their intense academic schedules .
many people promote one long vacation system of the school because it would help student to start their course or academic year with strong zeal of learning .
so other several , prefer numbers of short breaks during the year so that student can get rejuvenate periodically .
in both the scenario students relief themselves .
however , i discern that several small breaks will help students to be active in their academics .
firstly , several vacations throughout the year will keep stress level of students low .
many educational bodies schedule its small vacations after term exams so that student ' s get relief form exam pressure .
however , research done by universities proves that student ' s performance improves if they get regular breaks from their learning , preparation and examination schedule .
many colleges in foreign countries provide vacations to students after each semester that facilitate student to entertain themselves as well as prepare for their next semester .
also several holidays aid these students to not only amuse themselves but also arrange fund and materials such as books and references material for their upcoming course .
secondly , scientific research provide several authentic survey of the students ' performance after break .
it states that students learning capability increase after having refreshing vacation .
to quote an instance , in my school we used to get several vacations after our quarterly exams .
during those vacations i used to analyze my performance in latest examination and used to go through those question or concept again to avoid making same mistakes .
i also used to spend my time on developing some recreational activity or learning some sports or game .
during my all vacations , i used to miss my school due to which i used to restart my session with great enthusiasm of learning and scoring good marks in new quarter .
vacations are not only required by students but also by professionals and housekeepers .
as it not only provide break to them from their regular commitment but also allows them to spend some time on themselves , heel stressful mind and boost desire of resuming to the regular schedule .
therefore schools should consider giving several small vocations to the students during the year .
saving / spending money
in recent years the majority of developed countries have a low saving rate because the people opt to spend their earnings immediately or they even take loans to finance their expenses .
but isn ' t it better to save your money for later investments or rough times ?
im my opinion , saving some part of your earnings is essential due to the fact that you can not predict future developments , neither in your professional nor your personal life , furthermore with savings you can fulfill some of your dreams .
first , there are several uncertainties about your professional future .
the global economic conditions in these days are tough and there are many unpredictable factors that make it necessary to have some money on your bank account .
as example i remember some friends who lost their jobs recently due to the economic crisis in europe .
some of them had no own savings .
they could not afford the rent , so they had to move back in with their families and they lost their independence .
in addition , you can not be sure about the development in your personal life .
it is possible that in the future you have some unavoidable expenses that you could not afford without savings .
back in university i remember a friend of mine who had just little savings and he had to deal with a major repair of his car .
he could not afford the maintenance so he had to sell it .
finally , with savings you can afford some luxurious goods and fulfill your dreams .
working hard and saving money for later on investments is a great way of getting a satisfying feeling and to reward yourself for something you have accomplished .
for instance , i made a month - long backpack trip through southeast asia last summer with my girlfriend .
without our savings we could not have pursued our long - time dream .
considering all the above mentioned arguments , from my point of view there is no other choice than saving money for some time .
rush vs slower pace
modern technologies and globalization have increased the speed of life in the past decades tremendously .
however , while the majority of people live on the fast lane , others decide to reduce the speed and take their time .
to draw an entire picture , we have to consider both the advantages and disadvantages of this increased speed of life and ask our self which way of life is better .
in my opinion , it is very important to live life at a slower pace , because living in a hurry comes along with several disadvantages .
first , living your life on the fast lane is very stressful and can affect your health .
if you are always hurried and you do not take a certain time off , your body will react to your stressful lifestyle .
many hardworking people have diseases , like the burn - out syndrome , because their bodies cannot hold the pace .
for instance , my father had a a breakdown several years ago due to his stressful job .
after several weeks off his body was restored , now he has reduced the tempo of his lifestyle and is doing fine .
in addition , living your life at a slower pace increases your happiness .
if you are always facing excessive stress you cannot care for your beloved ' s .
if you do not hurry yourself you can take more time for your family and friends .
caring for your social environment will increase your happiness and also reduce your stress level .
for example , a friend of mine lives at a slow pace and is really satisfied about it , because he can enjoy his family and cultivate his friendships .
finally , quality takes time .
when you are faced with difficult tasks and you do them in a rush , you are more likely to do avoidable errors or mistakes .
doing tasks in a hurry may end up in not considering all necessary aspects or opportunities .
as a result you might make mistakes , you would not have done with more patience .
to illustrate , i once wrote an essay in a hurry and got a bad grade , because i made few mistakes i could have avoided .
in conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , living a slower life is advantageous for your health , your happiness and even the quality of your work .
human needs vs saving land for endangered animals
in the past centuries the population steadily grew and now , for the first time in history , is exceeding seven billion .
as a result more and more natural environment had to be vanished to make room for housing , feeding and industry .
but isn ' t it important to preserve the land to maintain the other species living on our planet ?
in my opinion , we clearly have to change our attitude towards the environment because of several reasons .
first , the natural diversity is very important for further generations .
if we don ' t change our behavior we will extinct many species living for millions of years on the planet .
as we destroy the natural habitat , like forests , jungles and lakes , to make place for our industry and farmland , we rob the ecosystem .
to illustrate , every day a massive part of the rainforest in south america is destroyed to provide wood and farmland .
if we don ' t preserve this important part of our ecosystem many endangered animals will loose their natural habitat and go extinct .
as a result , further generations will never have the opportunity to see and study these animals .
in addition , a stable and sustainable environment is essential for the weather .
our behavior causes pollution , which heavily affects the weather conditions on planet earth and causes the undoubtedly global warming .
this not only affects the endangered animals , but also the humans because we are affected by the increasing sea level and the climatic changes .
for example , recent studies from the united nations organization have shown that , till 2050 the sea level will increase over one meter in the average .
this will dramaticly affect all people living near the coast and change the global climate .
in conclusion , there is to say that , given the arguments above , we definitely have to change our behavior towards the environment , not only to preserve the endangered animals but also to preserve our own living conditions .
going to classes should be optional for the students
university students have different opinion about their attendance to class .
some students believe that they should be required to attend classes while others believe that it is an optional for the students .
according to my opinion , because it is university level of education , students have enough maturity to choose their choice .
therefore , i strongly agree that going to classes should be optional for the students .
to begin with , going to classes are sometimes waste of the time .
for instance , some lecturers in our university read the same text in the reference books for that particular course module .
further , they didn ' t explain the contents in order to understand by the students .
it was waste of the time .
because the university students have grown up , they have enough ability to read and understand the text book .
moreover , with the modern technology , students can collect more information from different sources .
for example , from the internet , students can read many articles and e - books and can watch video tutorials which provide the information more apparently .
however , some lecturers deliver lectures very informative and interesting way .
when the students attend that lectures , they can obviously feel that it was very useful and they did not waste their time .
additionally , mostly university has taken whole day for the lectures .
besides , most of the university students are working students in order to manage the expenses during the education time .
students need to work as part time basis .
hence , they have to schedule the lectures time , studying time and working time .
at the same time , rather than attending any boring lecturers , students can participate to other activities such as debate competition , swimming meet , basketball and so forth .
from that they can meet other university students and build up the relationships with them .
in a nutshell , although few brilliant lecturers deliver more informative lectures , some are boring the students in the class and wasting the students ' time .
when the students go to university , they have matured mentally and physically .
they have enough knowledge to choose what they need to do .
therefore , to make use of time , if the students choose the classes as optional , it would provide more benefits than drawbacks .
financial aid to develop countries
as is commonly understood , there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries .
it can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries .
however , it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries .
this will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters .
firstly , education is an essential part in development .
for instance , most developing countries are lack of educational resources , such as experienced teachers , evaluation systems and teaching facilities , which is usually neglected by local authorities .
from this example , it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education , the developing countries will remain undeveloped , even though they gain a great deal of economic support .
thus , the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid .
in addition , it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world .
this means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market .
indeed , they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas .
therefore , developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries .
in conclusion , financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries .
and it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation .
famous people are bothered by the media
some people think that mass media should only focus on news and current affairs .
others believe that television , newspapers and magazines should keep us entertained and therefore they should pay attention to famous people lives as well .
this issue is a controversial one , but in my opinion a closer examination reveals that mass media deal too much with superficial things for different reasons .
one reason is that television and newspapers focus on famous peoples ' lives in order to increase their audience or readership .
gutter press and tabloid tv are more and more replacing quality papers or documentaries programs .
thanks to the internet , we can go online and have access to information from all over the world and therefore mass media don ' t need any more to keep informed people but their goal is to have enough readers or tv audience .
another reason is that we live in a society where the most important thing is appearance and gossip .
nowadays , unscrupulous paparazzi constantly follow celebrities just to take a photo while they are eating or training .
newspapers often receive accusations of checkbook journalism ; this means that magazines pay people a lot of money for stories or photos .
additionally , there are reality tv , television programs in which people are put into artificial environments and situations , for example like " big brother " .
to sum up , it is clear that television , magazines and newspapers pay too much attention of peoples ' private lives for all the reasons mentioned above , namely to increase audience or readership and to give exciting and shocking news to a society which feed upon gutter press and tabloid tv .
staying in one place is better than moving number of places
some people may prefer to live in different places at different time because of many reasons such as looking for better job , house , community and so on .
i prefer to spend my entire live in one place which is my hometown .
in my hometown , i have a lot of friends and good relationships , i love the traffic in here , and the environment is wonderful .
i was born and grew up in here , a small town .
in here , i have a lot of friends , and we usually spend free time to play sports like soccer , basketball and of course we have a lot of fun .
every people in my town have known each others , and we have good relationships .
if anyone needs help , his neighbor will help as much as possible .
nowhere else can give me some people like in here .
i want to live here because i love the traffic system in here .
we have large streets but few cars , so we can move easily to anywhere .
last week , i went to the city center to meet my friends .
the traffic in the city was too crowed .
i have to wait for an hour to go to my friend house .
i also love the environment in here .
i have been gone to some places to travel and stay for a short time , and i realize that the environment in some place isn ' t clean and fresh like my home town .
there were a lot of people so the environment can ' t be keep clean .
in conclusion , i strongly feel that staying in one place is better than moving number of places .
moving some places can give to you a lot of experiences but living in one place like your hometown can make you feel comfortable about the traffic , people and of course the environment .
it is not necessary for university students to attend classes
though out the last decade , the load of the university students has been constantly increasing .
there are those who consider that university students cannot attend any classes until the students pass the exam .
there are those who said that student can attend the university coarse without passing the exam .
however , from my perspective , students can acquire university knowledge without the prerequisite of passing exam .
the reasons to be illustrated are follows .
firstly , the students are not constantly expert in every part of a subject .
for example , i love physics .
but i don ' t like electronics , because electronics cannot always be seen in the real world .
and i have had 0 in physics score when i study the electronics .
but i constantly achieve 100 score when i study other part of the physics .
and if i cannot attend the classes until i pass the exam of electronics , i could not pass the entire part of physics , and i will fail the exam over and over again .
luckily , in our university , you can attend the classes regardless of the score you reach .
and i can study physics without consideration of my electronics .
and at last , i took the electronics again and pass the exam .
secondly , if the university take the policy that no one can attend the classes without passing exam , students are highly likely to leave uncultivated .
if one fail most of the exam , it means that he or she cannot participate in most of the classes .
and the students will have nothing to do in the campus .
then he or she will play online games days and nights .
the academic achievement will decline .
in the end , this student will become a loser in the world .
and all this is due to that the university don ' t permit them to attend the class .
this is not the failure of the university but also the entire education system .
admittedly , the university student may don ' t reach a high if the university allow student to participate in the class no matter whether they pass the test or not .
but the benefit of free to access to the classes eclipse the issue of lower points .
all in all , the university should allow the student to participate in the classed without passing the test because not only is every students expert in every part of one subject but also it will reduce the student in the campus who leave uncultivated .
i ' m against providing more money to professors
university education is always an important part of one ' s life .
that ' s why education in university is discussed all the time .
what is the best way to orientate the students ?
raising the salaries of professors so ?
i would say no .
the professors are essential , however , the schools are established for students .
money should spend on facilities in school or update resources , which are beneficial to school rather than just instructors .
the following are my opinions .
to begin with , the school should put more emphasis on students instead of professors .
i think the most efficient way to improve the education is to guide the students to learn actively .
by renewing some facilities in school so students will spend more time at school doing assignment .
a comfortable environment can attract people to stay longer .
thus , students spend more time on school to make a good circulation of learning .
that is to say , students have a better environment to working on their assignments so the quality of their assignments will improve .
thus , the competition between peers enhances and forms a circulation .
in my school , the classrooms in my university are old and kind of shabby .
for me , i prefer spending money in a coffee shop to staying at school to finish my assignment .
it ' s unpleasant to stay at school .
however , coffee shops are not always quiet , so my classmates and i often finish our work roughly .
besides , the ultimate purpose is to change , to motivate students to be better .
to improve education , spending more money to raise professors ' salary is inappropriate .
in addition , will the university filter all the professors overall ?
some professors don ' t deserve the money at all , then , what ' s the point to spend money on them ?
high - salary instructors don ' t teach students harder because they earn more money .
there won ' t be any effect if school does so .
there was news about raising professors ' salary in my country .
this event provoked a demonstration composing of students mostly .
the proposal of the demonstration was eliminating the raising salaries .
as you can see , if the policy of raising salary was supported , the demonstration would not happen .
at school , students are priority .
students ' tuition is not only for the professors but also for their quality of learning at university .
that ' s the main reason i against providing more money to professors .
students are those who suppose to enjoy the use of their tuition .
our useful friends
pets have always been essential in our society .
cats and dogs are the most common pets but there are birds , tortoises and fishes as well .
some people think that pets should be treated like family members .
however , others argue that they are just animals and aren ' t able to think like us .
the issue is controversial but in my opinion , pets should be treated like human beings for different reasons .
first , pets are our friends as well as certain human beings are .
similarly to friends , indeed , they are always with us and they are there if we feel alone .
we can talk to them because they listen to us , more than some people will ever do .
to illustrate this point , i can write about my own experience .
when i was 14 years old , my uncle passed away and i felt like everything was no longer important .
talking to my friends was frustrating because none of them have ever felt that way .
since i was all alone at home for a long time , my dog was near me and it seemed to me that only him could understand my deeply feelings .
clearly , although pets aren ' t able to speak with us , we can nonetheless count on them .
secondly , pets are useful for a variety of things .
for example , nowadays the pet therapy is becoming more popular than before .
researchers have discovered that pets can bring benefits in a huge amount of illnesses .
there are dogs who lead blind people around the city and therefore without them they could not go around all alone .
in addition , pets are important for depressed people as well because their presence make them feel better .
moreover , there are dogs who are educated in order to find out criminals or to use their sense of smell to find drugs .
to sum up , i am strongly convinced that pets deserve to be treated like family members because of all the reasons mentioned above , namely they are our friends and they can be useful in many situations .
extraordinarily cautious is important since rough work is intolerable
this current world we situate ourselves in is rather unpredictable , even one sudden invention could bring down all the notions we used bear in mind .
most of us has endeavored to keep up with the pace of the development of today ' s world in fast pace .
i personally believe that even when fast pace may be the wise move to correspond with today ' s world .
however , it might not be the most beneficial move to our society .
primarily , even when the world operates in fast pace , it still requires accuracy .
even simple issues in our daily life like homework require accuracy .
if we rush through the work by taking risk of making mistakes , we are actually making zero effort going through our study roughly only for the purpose of fill in before the deadline .
in short , it only fulfills the work itself which is rather worthless .
it is our capability of work that we should improve rather than holding the belief in completing it .
certainly it may take time to keep up with the others if w need to review our work multiple times , but with consistent work soon enough we ' ll be able to bring up our speed in completion of work .
secondly , other than the importance of accuracy , the world also seeks efficiency , which concludes both minimum time completion and also criterion of quality .
even when we managed to keep up with the pace by neglecting the details of a project and only aim for a general frame of the project , this will not be something satisfy for the company and clients .
we soon will be out of the picture even when we kept up with the pace since when the problem reveals itself we ' ll have to go back and fix the mistakes we have made .
this might be even more costly and time consuming than a neat completion of work at the start .
besides , when looking at this problem within a broader image .
some work cannot tolerate any mistakes at all , for instance , in official missions like the work done by nasa , a tiny mistake can be catastrophic .
a miscalculation of the orbit in launching rocket may lead to a failure of the whole project which might worth trillions of dollars .
in such circumstances , even when the scientists want to finish off quickly , but they couldn ' t miss even a single part of the mission since it may trigger loads of problems .
to sum up , even when we need to catch up with the pace of the world , it is necessary for us to be extraordinarily cautious since rough work is intolerable when we want to stay competitive .
living in big cities or living in small towns
continuous technological and economical development in modern world created great differences between cities , a difference that is clearly visible in the size of various cities .
from cities with more that 20 million people to small towns inhabited by only hundreds of people .
this diversities in cities allowed for more difference in people ' s preferences for where to live .
for me , i prefer to live in bigger cities than in small ones , this personal attitude is the result of many factors .
first of all , i find the excitement of big cities to be attractive , living in a dynamic environment can turn into a very rich experience that sharpens one ' s personality and open one ' s eyes on the real world .
life in big cities cities gives one new challenges every day , let it be deciding which restaurant to go to or deciding which company to work for .
for me , this lifestyles is very attractive and is considered a huge advantage of big cities compared with the constant , slow paced life styles of small towns .
another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants ' lives , hospitals , advanced medical facilities can satisfy one ' s need of medical safety .
cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one ' s and widen his horizons , things which aren ' t offered by small towns .
furthermore , it ' s undeniable that the economic power of a country is driven by it ' s big cities and the majority of wealth and finance is centered and controlled in big cities .
with this kind of power big cities offer more opportunities for one ' s career advancements and a more chances of higher income that small towns does , and higher income can be the basis of a happier , healthier life .
finally , although i prefer to live in a big city , i can not help but assure that this is a matter of personal taste , to be clear , i would love to spend some days in countryside to recharge my soul and relieve myself from daily stress .
every experience always gives us something to learn and keep for life
i agree with the statement that our life seems tough at the time but those difficult experiences of life become important lessons for the future .
my opinion based on the reasons that every tough experience makes us more skilled , improves our decision making and makes us more compatible for life .
the best example of it is how babies learn about basics survival habits during their childhood .
every day comes with new challenges for them like walking , eating , etc ., but those challenges of their initial life teach them important survival lessons which help them for whole life .
for example , when they tried to learn walking , they stumble and hurt themselves many times .
but they slowly tune their technique and learned to walk .
all inventions and experiments are based on many unfortunate observations .
no known scientist has success in first attempt .
scientists try and test many specimens before they get they want .
it was said that thomas edison tested around 10000 bulbs before inventing light bulb .
so , all the initial experiments would be difficult and frustrating for him but he searched for more options and learnt new findings with each experiment even when he was failing in his attempts and finally found break through .
our difficult experiences also make us robust and strong unknowingly .
we might be facing a toughest time of life at the time , but when we think back about those moments later in life , we feel more confident about our decisions and about ourselves .
when i moved to college hostel after school , first few days were very unsettling for me because first time i was away from parent and staying with people i had not known .
i had felt very fragile and emotionally distracted , but then slowly i started adjusting with roommates and built connection with them .
i also became more casual and social with others , this experience increased my communication skill and social speaking skills .
therefore , to conclude my opinion on this statement , i want to mentioned that every experience in life whether it is good or bad always gives us something to learn and keep for life .
good experiences give us good memories and bad ones teach us lessons for life .
drivers have to pay a fee for driving in rush hour
started in the late eighteenth century , the industrialization and urbanization witnessed the explosion in number of automobiles .
the very fuel that they rely on , oil , has now become the dominant pollution of cities ' environment .
while critics castigating about the exorbitant use of oil and other insisting to charged drivers with extra fee during the rush hours for their selfish conducts , i hold the contention that no additional payment should be charged on them .
the reasons are the followings .
capitalism enfranchised people ' s right to own properties , and consequently , their rights to use them .
driving cars during the rush hours might is bound to polluting cities ' s environment , but laws protect drivers to do so , and accordingly , charging them extra fee might seems to be out of the jurisdiction .
from another point of view , traffic jam is a natural phenomenon that nobody is able to shun or ban ; so it is out of drivers ' control .
why drivers should pay a fine only for driving their own cars in a particular time ?
wars are notorious , but you can ' t blame the soldiers who are justing fight for their countries .
buying a car spends hundreds of thousand ; paying for all sorts of fee takes another several - these are all ready too much for most of the families to bear .
charging drivers one more fee makes no sense and is ridiculous .
majority of the families buy cars simply for a safer and easier conveyance , and charging them too much fee adds a lot to their burden and is actually jeopardizing their rights .
rather than passively forcing drivers to pay another fee , government should instead , be more active on advocating the use of more efficient and environmental - friendly energy or planning out more reasonable and convenient layout that allow people to reach their destinations with less oil .
sometimes traffic jam occur only due to the malfunction of a traffic light , or unreasonable organization of roadways .
in these cases , the one who should be charged for a fine is the city planner , not drivers .
simply put , charging drivers fees regardless of the causes of the problems could be ridiculous and even unlawful .
in conclusion , " rush hours " are usually not the direct consequence of drivers .
instead , the real causes of traffic jam may fall on various of grounds , and therefore , charging drivers for another fee for this could be unreasonable and irrational .
the part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it
nowadays , the difference between school and society is bigger and bigger .
if students want to get used to the society quickly , it is better for parents to encourage them to take part - time jobs .
there are some reasons can support my view .
first , there are a few opportunities for students to know how to live adult life in the university .
because most people they contact with are also students .
however , when students do part - time jobs , they can work with many kinds of people , and most of whom are adults .
so , they can teach students many things about adult life .
my friend lisa , who is doing part - time job now , tells me that it is fabulous to take it .
through part - time job , she makes friends with different kinds of people and they let her know the different aspects of adult life .
for example , lisa thought in adult life , work is the core ; but after she knows these friends , she changes her mind that the true core for the adult life is responsibility but not work .
hence , thanks to the information her new friends has provided ; now she is more confidence about her future adult life .
second , parents always tell students that the adult life is much tenser than school life .
however , because we do not experience it , it is very difficult for us to really know how tense the adult life can be .
therefore , we need part - time job to teach us how hard the real adult life can be .
actually , some questionnaires indicate that if students have taken part - time jobs , they will make the best use of their time to prepare their future and more importantly ; they will not expect too much for their future than students who have not taken the part - time job .
therefore , the part - time job can make people understand future life better .
third , some parents are afraid that the part - time job will effect student ' study .
actually , most students will do the part - time job in their holiday , so it will not effect on their study .
compared with playing computers every day , doing part - time jobs is the best choice for students to spend their holiday .
in conclusion , taking the part - time job can let students experience the real adult life and know more about it .
therefore , parents should encourage students to take the part - time job .
society should ban all forms of the advertising
it is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life .
we come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday .
some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing .
other critics say that ads have no purpose , they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned .
on my part i would like to solve this issue on a different way .
society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers .
first of all , i do support the idea that advertising alcohol , cigarettes , goods and services with adult content should be prohibited because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children .
youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis .
fortunately , some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol , cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries .
on the other hand by advertising companies , businesses , firms and individuals promote their goods and services .
thanks to ads we learn about new products , we can compare them and choose what ’ s the best for us .
these days , not only many businesses , but also governments have to rely on advertising .
for example , tourism makes up one - third of the czech republic ' s economy .
in order to promote the country ' s attractions , the czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers .
only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country .
in conclusion , i think that modern society needs advertising .
ads will keep us well informed about new products and services , but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way .
type of temper and advantages of individual work as best arguments in favor of studying alone
study achievements depend on a range of various factors , one of which is pattern of work you tend to choose while studying .
in particular , we may prefer to work either within a team of other students or alone .
as for me , i favor the latter because of the following reasons .
to begin with , type of temper is one of the reasons that make me to choose individual work instead of team one .
being by nature introvert , i have to spend much time and efforts on adjusting to surroundings and especially new people .
once , when i was working on presentation with strangers , i sat aside and so prepared more than half of work myself instead of making attempts to get acquainted with unknown people .
therefore , my productivity boosts when style of work is appropriate with my type of temper .
furthermore / moreover , working alone allows me to avoid spending time and efforts on many things that are an integral part of teamwork .
in other words , i must not divide tasks and duties between team members , share responsibility and benefits , and spend time on teambuilding .
these advantages are especially important in situations of shortage of time .
about a year ago i was lucky to become a participant of student brainstorming game .
to my rivals ' surprise , being the only member of my own " team " i gained a victory .
in conclusion , from my point of view , type of temper and advantages of individual work are the most persuasive arguments in favor of studying alone .
work for themselves vs work for employer
most people want to work for an employer , because they want to feel secure about their salary , or feel comfortable about other problems of having own job such as paying tax , worrying about selling , etc .
despite these problems , personally , i would prefer to have my own job .
my arguments are listed as follows .
first , time is the more valuable thing , which i have in my life .
by having my own business , i can manage my own time .
i could work whenever i want , or i do not need to give reasons to my boss for a delay .
i can arrange time to travel when i would like .
in addition , i can work long hours for earning more money .
totally , the most important reason for me to be self - employed is the sense of free .
moreover , earning money is the fundamental reason that why people work .
the amount of money is always the most important criterion for everyone to choose a job .
if i work for other people , i have to give my ideas to employers cheaply .
therefore , i never have been rich in my life , because my salary is not dramatically changed .
in spite of many problems of having own business , i can earn more money based on my creativity and personal ideas .
to sum up , in spite of the fact that many people are not eager to work for themselves , i would like to run my own business to control my own time , and to earn more money based on my noble ideas .
parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life
learning is a thing that we do in all of our lives .
getting the best lessons , besides our abilities to self - study , depends on our teachers a lot .
there are people who believe that no one else is better than our parents in terms of teachers .
i whole - heartedly agree with this opinion because of these following reasons .
firstly , parents are our teachers from the very early time in our life .
as we were born , parents taught us from the very little things such as how to smile , how to walk to the ordinary routines such as eating .
moreover , when we grow bigger , they teach us many fairy tales and several important ethic lessons that affect us till the end of our lives .
secondly , at school we study bigger things about sciences and languages , but after school we learn from our parents .
in my opinion , we spend most of our time at home with our families than it at school .
i think when we leave school , maybe we will forget parts of the lessons we learn at school if we do not experience them in life , but i strongly believe we will never forget what our parents have taught us because we use it every day .
for example , i believe i will never forget what my parents told me about how to be grateful to other people who help me .
thirdly , i totally believe parents love their sons or daughters unconditionally .
therefore , even when we grow older , get married and then have our own families with spouses and children , parents always keep watching us and help us to realize which is right and which is wrong in life .
for instance , my older brother has got married and lived independently for two years but when he faces difficulties in his work or his life , he comes back to meet our parents and ask for advice .
to conclude , i strongly believe that parents are our best teachers .
different types of tasks endow more colors to our life
in my family , the argument topic between my father and mother always involves my father ' s job .
five years ago , he quitted his 20 years job as an architectural engineer , and became a landscape painter .
every time i asked him why , he will say , seriously ," i am done , doing this same work for 20 years and i really want to try some different , that is all ."
while there are innumerous people will deem it ridiculous and argue doing the same task is the meaning of job , but from my perspective , i am on the side of my father .
most of workers have adapted to do same task .
it allows us to achieve more .
as a authoritative dentist in my province , my mother has worked for 25 years .
gandhi devoted his whole life to fight against british - ruled government and inspire movements for civil rights in india , finally he became the father of the nation .
these examples make it obvious that great achievement needs someone keen on one task for long time .
while when it comes to " happier ", different type of jobs can be responsible factor .
doing different tasks makes employees and employers much happier .
workers , who work for an ordinary company or industry , will be sick of same tasks day by day .
although they can be familiar with their job , changing of job is what serve to their happier .
changing the type of work will be fresh and elicit their potential to adapt a new environment , which , according to psychology theories , makes workers relaxed and happier .
to set another example , consider every workers have ability to do several kinds of work , employers will be satisfied by the generating benefits .
they both will be happy because the change of job , not the same task day by day .
different types of tasks during workday brings more challenges , making life colorful .
just like a song , if i did not have challenge , life would be blue .
as an engineering researcher , i will surely be disappointed for failure , and exited for new challenges .
new challenges from different tasks amounts far more than more works , it also means through dealing with it , i will obtain more knowledge and experience .
as the saying of a chinese writer , the color of life is rooted not in japanese cherry blossom or canadian maple leaf , but rather there always exists new things and challenge .
after all , doing same task day and night just server to increase our psychological burden , connecting with different types of job is capable give us more colors to our life .
to sum up , i admire my father ' s choice , while the same task give us opportunities to be an expert , like my mom , i still hold the firm view that different types of tasks endow more colors to our life .
excellent knowledge is better than ability to adopt oneself
with the rapid development of economy , the controversial of good worker ' s requirement is always in a limelight .
a large number of people will say the ability to adapt oneself to a new environment is necessary , because it is the basic communication skill for a new worker .
from my perspective , there is only one thing would be beneficial to company , and there is only one way to be an outstanding worker , that is possessing excellent knowledge of this job .
that ' s why i believe that the excellent knowledge of this job will be more significant .
admittedly , the ability to adapt oneself to the new environment has been proven to be part of job .
this ability is helpful in communicating with other workmates , cooperating with other workers needs this ability , too .
but working alone is a longer - term job than communicating , that is , the ability of adapting oneself to a new environment may be necessary for a fresh worker , but the excellent knowledge of this job will be benefit till one leave .
the company will benefit from every worker of excellent knowledge .
the core and most profitable technology of an it company is invented by a worker with excellent computer knowledge , not a worker with outstanding communicating skill .
the high reputation and popularity of a company is earned by some brilliant workers in public relation department with excellent skill to propagate this company .
so the company will earn more money and reputation from these workers with excellent knowledge .
employees will obtain reward from hard - work pursuing excellent knowledge .
through our whole study life , undergraduate and graduate , we keep learning with the purpose of exerting these knowledge and experience on our job , just like an old chinese scholar said , the essence of study is utilizing it .
after we get a job , the destination of we keep accumulating and collecting knowledge is rooted not in fawn on our manager with the ability to adapt this kind of business culture , but in making us excellent and totally master this job .
finally , we will be rewarded with pride .
that ' s why we can obtain reward from out excellent knowledge .
to sum up , i would have to say that although we can use the ability of adapting oneself in a new environment , the excellent knowledge will be of more importance .
because it can not only benefit our employers , but also ourselves will be rewarded .
is it necessary for children or not ?
learning a foreign language is necessary for children to strengthen their ability to learn .
whether children should start learning a foreign language as they start school or not might be a controversial issue .
it seems to me that students should start learning that as they start school .
learning that not only help them to improve their minds and memories , but can extend their visions about the other countries .
first , the ability of learning in the childhood period is more powerful than other periods of life .
thereby students in the beginning of their education can learn faster and easier in compare to a young one to understand a foreign language .
they can easily understand the language structure and memorize the vocabularies .
it is out of of the questioned that the persistence of learning a knowledge in the childhood is more than other period of lives .
by considering this and being aware of that students have not any responsibility and other difficulty in comparison with a young man , we can infer that why this time is the best time to learn any language .
in addition , learning a foreign language helps students tremendously to comprehend what happens in the around world .
they would be able to understand other cultures and costumes .
moreover , it can give them a sense of power to communicate better with peers in other parts of the world .
having knowledge about other countries and their languages lead to extend the child ' s vision .
therefore , they would be able to develop their personalities and sense of reliance .
overall , it is easy to distinguish between a child having two languages and a child having just his native language while comparing their ability to communicate , understanding other studies , etc , to find that why children should start learning a foreign language in the beginning of the education .
in personal live , we have some responsibilities towards other people
people should sometimes do things , even though they don ' t enjoy it .
this is basic part of the lives .
there may be small or big things , but at last people should accept them , because most of them is about responsibilities .
moreover , sometimes by doing things helps the people learn about live .
in this essay , the reasons for why i agree that people should sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing will be explored .
firstly , most people ' s lives are filled with tasks that they don ' t enjoy doing .
in personal live , we have some responsibilities towards to other people , there is nobody who likes all of these responsibilities .
for instance , housework is very difficult for me , although my husband helps me some of them , but it is my responsibility .
i really don ' t like any of them , however i should do .
secondly , professional lives are filled with tasks that is neccessary parts of the jobs .
nobody likes attending boring conferences , or working a person who isn ' t well in with anyone .
i ' m a research asistant at a university , and as any of the univesity in ours we have a professor who isn ' t good at human relationships , most of the asistans don ' t enjoy to talk with him about any situation , although we have to ask about his field .
thirdly , doing something which an individual doesn ' t enjoy can led to enjoyment .
people sometimes can attend any activities by insisting on any of their friends although they don ' t really want .
for example , one of our friends tell my husband and me about a dance course which we both don ' t like .
after insisting on some of our friends , we attended , and got really enjoyable time , we continued the course about six months although most of our friends left the course after a month .
nobody has a life with a lot of fun ; there are sometimes unpleasant and boring parts which is not liked by anyone , but most of them are about responsibilities which is the part of individual ' s live .
young adults preference on how long they should live with their parents before moving out
as young people gets older they tend to seek more freedom and want to live on their own .
but , the issue of what is the right age for young adults to leave their parents and start living on their own is a contentious one .
personally , i believe that young adults should live with their parents for a longer period of time .
living on your own is a huge financial commitment .
at younger age people are less likely to get a high paying job , so it can be a difficult task to pay for rent , food , utilities and other expenses to sustain yourself .
so , i believe that living with parents is a wise choice for adults until they get a head start to their professional career with a reasonable income .
another advantage of living with parents for a longer period of time is the enhanced emotional attachment with them .
parents have valuable advice to their children as they go through the changes in their adult life .
living together develops the environment of discussing adult ' s physiological and psychological changes face to face with their parents .
young adults will feel reluctant to discuss such problems with their parents if they move out and live on their own , and thus missing the valuable input of their parents .
while some critics may argue that , young adults living with parents will not be free to do what they want .
however , i believe that most young adults are inclined to take unprecedented advantages of the freedom they have .
it is good thing if living with parents does not give freedom for young people to party all night , smoke or do drugs .
in a nutshell , i believe that young adults should only consider living on their own only after they are sure they could sustain on their own .
it is unwise to trade the opportunity of living with parents for a longer period of time for some late night parties or drugs .
thus , to cope with the physiological and psychological changes of adult life , to make financial life a less struggle and to prevent oneself digress from their destined path , it is important for young adults to live with their parents for a longer period of time .
technology impact on people
nowadays , the earth has become like a small village .
in the course of the last hundred years , the way majority of people communicate with each other has been altered significantly because of technology .
but there are vast amount of disputes whether it is positive or negative .
from my point of view , this development was a very positive one in spite of its some drawbacks .
to begin with , nowadays , to keep in touch with loved ones in faraway places has become easy than ever .
technology revolutionized the way we communicate and in present , it is almost possible to do everything without tete - a - tete .
by means of some software such as skype , msn , whatsapp we can get in touch with everybody whenever we want .
for example , in earlier times , people didn ' t leave for faraway places , because they could easily get lost .
this is also one salient prove that the development of technology was a very positive .
further , by means of some communication tools , it has become very easy to make new friends .
according to statistics , 40 % of people met even their life partners via internet .
in this sense , internet is a basic tool to keep in touch with old and make new friends .
however , the other side of the coin is that , by communicating via internet or phone , we cannot express our ideas and feelings fully , because during such conversations , some of our words can make a completely different sense .
as a result , the rate of divorces is increasing day by day .
by way of conclusion , i once again restate my position that the development of technology impacted on the means of communication among people very positively by making it easier and more comfortable .
advantages and disadvantages of machines instead of human to do the work
the issue of whether using of machine are bring many advantages to society is of great concern to many people .
in my opinion , although using machines have many benefits , we cannot ignore its negative effects .
it is undoubted that machines can bring many benefits .
for one thing , machines are more effective than human .
not like human , machines do not need rest , which means they can work as long as employers want and consistently produce high quality products without any mistakes .
for another , using machines can save company ' s money .
because machines never ask for salary , over - time pay or pension , so employers do not need to spend money on employee ' s welfare .
the company only needs some technicians to make sure machines are working on the right track or replace some part when machines are not working .
however , the disadvantages of machines that bring to us should not be neglected by people .
to start with , because of extensive of using machines , many people loss their job .
especially in large population countries , high unemployment rate may cause crime and social instability .
apart from this , using of machines are also pose serious pollution and energy dissipation .
for example , nowadays people prefer to use dish - washing machine to wash dishes and plates rather than hand washing .
but they did not know that compared with hand washing dish - washing machine consume at least 2 times water and electricity to wash these tableware .
as you can imagine , if thousands of families use dish - washing machines , how many water and how much electricity will be wasted !
in conclusion , although we cannot deny machines are play a vital role in people living and working , problems posed by machines should draws more attentions as well .
do married women usually work ?
why and why not ?
personally , i believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly .
working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household .
i will mention some basic reasons as following .
firstly , extra income that women earn will contribute to their family ' s expenses .
by taking up a job , a wife can earn more money to support her family life .
this is really necessary in cases of her husband ' s low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present .
so , it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money .
secondly , working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world , strengthen their character and show their capacity .
these things in turn will make them more confident , independent .
these women will set a good example for their children .
therefore , it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better .
last but not least , nowadays , there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work .
besides the gorvernment ' s policies on limited families and their husbands ' sharing in the housework , many employers are willing to offer part - time jobs for women .
in conclusion , a well - organized home does not need the housewife ' s presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home .
question about the influence of the media coverage of celebrities
today , celebrities appear to become a spotlight of the mass media .
almost half of the news coverage on television and the internet is devoted to the celebrity gossip .
not surprisingly , many people are worried that this attention to the famous people has an impact on them , especially on their children .
this essay will compare both negative and positive consequences of this effect on infants .
fame is a great responsibility for public people as their admirers are very sensitive to any acts of their idols .
celebrity scandals and gossips can quickly reach the public which perceive it very negatively .
this means that celebrities who received attention for overuse of drugs or alcohol are likely to get public disgrace .
therefore , children may see that this behavior is inexcusable .
on the other hand , too much news coverage to famous people seems to have a negative influence on the choice of children of their future professions .
as recent surveys showed , inspired by the fame and wealth , children now prefer more to become an actor / actress or a sports star than it was in the past .
many schools for preparation of so - called stars and various advertisements about famous people may mislead with the fact that this profession is highly required and easy reachable .
this may confuse children who should not choose their future job because of the influence of the mass media , but from the basis of their own interests .
in conclusion , parents should be more worried about their children ' s attitudes to the ' cult of celebrity ' .
they should teach their children how to distinguish shortcoming stars from truly talented ones and to put right priorities in life .
modern forms of communication ; ' electronic letter '
undoubtedly , the movement of modern forms of communication has changed better , which help people to interact to others , such as email and messaging without limitation time .
i totally agree that using of these soft devices have cut much of time people need to see with their relatives .
however , it is had some demerits on their social lives .
mentioned to societies life style , they constantly use these kinds of electronic letter for making fellowship or just continuing theirs what they already had .
obviousness , there are other ways like social media that they could to use it for meeting theirs buddies such as twitter and facebook , also make the communication become feasible and limitless of time .
another perspective , using of these facilities has influenced netizens to keep themselves becoming unsociable .
it caused they were swept away by virtual atmosphere , so they do not do much social live interactions with others .
the consequence of this case made some people become geek , as too much of using email and messaging , without direct contacts .
however , people have had own minded to keep connection with their friends as a good relationship , meet them and talk by face to face directly .
in conclusion , i admittedly and strongly agree that the merits of email and messaging have reduced amount of ours time to communicate to .
besides , we need to make sure for the real gathering with our colleague .
people should create a sense of co - operation in their children
it is undeniable that children have an innocent mind , and they requires a proper guidance at a specific time to make them understand the value of life .
some people think that it is better to make them competitive , while other believes to make them co - operative .
both these factors have their own values , and have been discussed in detail below : competitive children are more likely to be confident enough to handle the situations independently .
this factor initially arises from the school , where teacher encourages student to feel more competitive through the grading system , and this is the place where children are trying to get on the top by scoring the highest marks .
this factor will lead them to be successful in their lives ahead , but will also restrict them in many ways .
for example , mncs are mainly focusing on a team work , and a person with the competitive mind would be having a difficulty in managing the situation with the team .
however , those who wants to create a sense of co - operation in their children is a symbol that they want to make them sensible enough in their lives ahead .
although , they will not be having a pace and an eager to get on the top as the competitors do , but they shall have an art of managing different situations of life with the help of a team .
in my opinion , though competitive children will be far more clever and faster than the co - operative child in an initial level , but it will not help them to be on the success path for the long run ; while on the contrary , co - operative child will have a potential of structuring and implementing new and innovative ideas with the help of a team .
to conclude , i would say that people should create a sense of co - operation in their children to make them feel more accomplished in life .
man to man interaction changed
nowadays , the variety of communication systems used widely .
as technology develops , it has negative influences in many respects .
however , i strongly agree with that the technology has large positive effects on relationships between people .
the main advantage is that technology has enabled people stay in contact with each other more closely .
while public use the internet or smart phone to share information to each other at different positions .
instead of using letters , technology advanced not only gives us more spare time but also convenient and efficient .
more , even if family members who are in different countries , they also can use the internet to connect each others , especially though the images or videos , they can feel close .
furthermore , technology is also essential for students , live in remote districts , shared the valuable natural resources with friends .
another issue is that in the ever - accelerated updating of science and technology , technology provides opportunities for people to establish the social network .
in the past , people might have had pen friends in other countries , but now , thanks to the social networking websites , people can easily to find someone who has similar interests .
also , they can connect with friends who have been out of touch for a long time by using the internet .
in this way , technology is beneficial to humanity develops positive relationships .
in conclusion , i agree with that the technology has more optimal effects on people ' s interaction , because it helps ordinary people to make new friends and to maintain relationships .
sense of cooperation
in present educational system there are variety of competitions in academic area and athletic area for children to attend , which could stimulating the will of children to learn and to achieve the best of them , and also be able to teach them teamwork skill .
however , some people think it is better to make children be competitive than cooperative , both the values have its arguments .
a strong competition sense helps children having urge to learn or to practice for being the best among peers , and this factor is initially arises from the schools and parents , to encourage children to get the highest scores through the grading system .
even though a competitive child is usually more motivated to pursue a goal or to face difficulties independently , but it is also risky that children are becoming too competitive to cooperating with others .
being competitive leads them to success , but could also restrict them in many ways .
for example , it might be hard for a competitive person to deal or manage in a team work project .
on the other hand , cooperation is also an essential quality for children , no matter in school activities or in communities .
having a good cooperating spirit helps kids to communicate and get along with others , which gives them more possibility to solve problems or to achieve a goal easily by working as a team .
after all , in society , there is hardly anyone who could has big achievement by oneself .
for example , famous singers or movie stars , despite of their talent to make them successful , there are always a team to manage works or deal with things .
in my point of view , though competitive child would have more motivation and perspective that leads them to success , but it would not help them much once they enter to society or company which required more about skill of team work .
to sum up , i would say that schools and adults should put a sense of cooperation in children to make them becoming a useful adult whether in society or community .
discuss both harms and good of advertising and give your opinion
on these days , with the assistance of advertisement , people easily purchase the best products with detailed information and instruction for their requirement .
although some people claim that the advantages of advertising are outweigh the advantages , i believe that advertisement bring more benefits than harms to our lives .
on the one hand , it is clear that most advertisements so exaggerate the quality of their products that they often ignore some negative effects of what they sell .
in addition to this , all of things are advertised as the best ones result in the confusing for users in picking out the most suitable goods .
for example , some kinds of shampoo , namely sunsilk , clear , dove are publicized as magic items to recreate injured hair with the number of other benefits .
however , the fact is that not all customers are satisfied with what they bought under the introduction from advertisement .
on the other hand , it is undeniable fact that advertising market gives lots of working opportunities from producers , writers to models and cameramen for all of people as long as their qualification adapt to the demands .
moreover , advertisement enables to support users in getting accustomed to enterprises and know thoroughly items sold from these producers .
take coca cola for an example , this drinking firm is well - known as one of companies invested a major part of their money in advertising .
no wonder why this drinking title becomes more and more familiar with customers around the world .
last but not least , online advertisement is one of the easiest approaches due to their potential gains such as cheaper cost , convenience and easily observing .
to sum up , everything has its own gains and losses and advertisement is not an exception .
from my point of view , advertising will be better if producers and advertisers are more honest in producing advertisements to give people the general view on one product .
high sum of money of modern artist
the amount of money people earning sometimes is unfair .
in a field of art , modern artist may receive high salary for their masterpiece creation while labors should be break their bone for years to get similar amount of money .
although some people view that government should be take a responsibility for this unfair situation , critics against such view .
i agree that in this occasion the government is not granted to hand in .
proficiency brings perfectness in terms of art work .
it is true while the modern artists who implement their creative thinking onto high value creation are paid with immense sum by the art collector .
also , the high sum which modern artists receive is related to the quality instead of the quantity and their rare talent .
for example , a 15 centimeter buddha temple made by hand is granted times in comparison with factory production .
on the other hand , modern artists also devote themselves find a unique concept in which ordinary people cannot do , such making impossible become possible .
pieter padang , minion creator , has brilliant idea to alter part of song lyric " i swear " become " underwear " when the minion sing in despicable me .
he granted huge sums for such idea .
striking contrast , labor working in the merchandise factory receive coin of dollar even they make a hundred of 15 cm buddha temples a day .
in any case , a musician playing " i swear " several times receives different earnings that padang got because the musician re - plays the song without any creation .
moreover , government cannot equalize the price of creation of modern artist because there is no certain parameter to value it , art value is about taste .
having said that the huge sums of modern artists receives related to their struggle in the field of art , while the term of struggle might different with other field of job .
i agree that government cannot take steps to make the salary between modern artists and other job similar because art price is about taste .
working extended hours should restricted
working longer hours is becoming prevalent in these days .
there is a saying in my native village , " health is wealth ".
i believe many of people including me are not really considering the importance of health .
the need for increased working hours might be because of enhanced competitive environment and desire to acquire much money and promotion .
however , people working for extended hours have been found having adverse effects on their health and personal life .
in my opinion , a balance between personal and professional life should be created by restricting maximum number of working hours .
first of all , many of us would agree to the fact that people ; who prefer working longer hours , do not find time to focus on their health .
by working too long , they often become tired , lazy and reluctant to carry out physical exercise in order to remain fit and healthy and eventually loose health and become sick .
moreover , they become extensively addicted to their work and become workaholic type persons .
the repercussion are so severe that their families and friends remain deprived off their attention and in the end they end up losing balance between their family and personal life .
secondly , these workaholic people do not spend time for the contribution of society by actively participating in any social campaign .
as they usually remain busy in their office so they do not find leisure time for such social activities .
for instance , i would take my boss ' s example ; he has been working for extended hours in office for many years .
recently , his health and personal life was drastically affected as he broke up with his wife and his family life has totally been in chaos and cries .
he started regretting afterwards and now trying to manage his work but it seems to be too late for him .
to conclude this , i would strongly emphasis and recommend , government must include the clause of maximum number of working hours in its labor law and enforce to all companies for ensuring their employees do not spend extended hours in companies .
this will help in uplift of society , and bring the lost equilibrium between personal and professional life of each individual person .
advertising impact on people ' s choice of consumption
nowdays , people ' s choice of consumption is heavily affected by various of advertising on television , street , magazine etc .
this argument may be true that people will be swayed by the advertising and buy things they do not need it for their life .
for example , in most asian countries , advertisement company usually hire popular singers or actors to advertise the products to boosts the sales , and some people , especially adolescent may buy things from their favourite singer advertised to support their idol instead of to fill their needs .
in addition , products usually look more gorgeous and with good quality in advertisement , people are more likely to buy goods impulsively without a second thought .
a good advertisement can convince people to believe that it is what they want , even though it is not the real needs of the society .
and there are always people purchase particular products swayed by advertising which makes it a trend to follow for other people who is unnecessarily need it .
however , buying habit is a very personal things for individuals , the advertisement is not the only cause for people to buy , sometimes it depends on one ' s needs and ability of consumption .
it is unlikely to buy things impulsively for adults who have concern of arranging disposable income .
most of them have to allocate the money if they doing other purchase .
on the other hand , children and adolescents who is not economic independence is more possible to buy things impulsively without considering whether they need it or not , since they do not have financial pressure from life and ability to define what is necessary .
in my opinion , i think buying habit is people ' s choice to make , not entirely affected by advertisements .
but for children or adolescents who is not mentally develop , it might be hard for them not to swayed by advertising .
so it is important that government needs to impose rules on particularly advertisement company ( for example , toys company ) to avoid youngster have bias thought on what they really need .
schools should only teach children the academic subject
people have many different views about what subjects should be taught in school .
although i accept that students have to study many subjects in school , i disagree with the idea that unimportant subjects such as music and sports should be got rid of the program .
many people believe that students only need to study academic subjects like mathematics , physics because these subject are necessary for students ' future .
this is understandable when labor market now has high competition ; students have to meet requirements regard of qualification .
in addition , the unemployment rate is always high , so their parents want children to study these subjects which can help students have a job .
although those above reasons are acceptable , i would argue that there are many things much more important than having a job .
firstly , studying music , art or sports is also very important to students .
this enables students to develop their potentials through discovering the natural world around them .
secondly , to get a job in labor market , not only do students require hard skills but also soft skills such as teamwork , presentation .
for instance , through taking part in a sport , students can understand team spirit and learn lessons about teamwork skills .
therefore , these subjects might fulfil the students ' ability .
finally , children ' s future do not depend heavily on the academic subjects they study in school , it is the result of their efforts and capacity .
in conclusion , although the academic subjects play a primary role in nurturing children , it seem to me that the effects of learning music , sports are profound .
government and education
primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world .
i completely agree that government should provide those education to their people ; however , for the more higher education like university , the students or their parents should pay for the fees .
some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees .
in the other hand , i don ' t think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students ' primary and secondary education .
it is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students ' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education .
moreover , students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part - time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it .
they will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves .
in addition to that , the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well .
furthermore , this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future .
in conclusion , i completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them .
internet will end the era of newspapers and magazines
digital media has been extremely popular among people around the globe .
with this advancement , newspapers and magazines are struggling to justify their existence .
some believe that traditional paper media will come to an end very soon due to the increased usage of internet based media .
but many other still thinks they are going to stay .
i agree to the argument that newspapers and magazines will be history with the time .
i will establish my view by analysing how internet presents the information about the current affair so fast and the accessibility to the historical news .
a very important responsibility of media is to publish information about the current affairs as quickly as possible specially when there is a crisis .
this helps readers to get updated and act accordingly .
for example , when the aircraft mh 370 went missing , everyone wanted to know the details about this tragic incident .
the friends and families of passengers and crews were impatient to know the truth .
in such situations , newspapers and magazines can not respond as fast as digital media .
instead of waiting for next publication , people can get trustworthy information about the current incidents from internet within an hour or two .
this explains why digital media will rule over paper and magazines .
people often want to access news from past for various reasons like to prepare for research , satisfy interest , etc .
for example , one research fellow may want to know how a small village named oramaki in japan was suffering after second world war .
it is very difficult to get this sort of information from past in newspapers and magazines as one has to know before where to look at .
but internet provides efficient search facility where one can search the topic and get the details .
this feature of digital media is not supported by newspapers and magazines .
to conclude , the fast responding internet media with vast information will be replacing newspapers and magazines as new and information provider for valid reasons .
though considering the current infrastructure and mindset of people , paper media will continue for another few years .
children from poorer families are more successful in the future life .
according to some people , child who is brought up in less well - off family is more quick - witted and can tackle with an adult life problems better than who is from affluent ones .
however , i completely disagree with this position .
to begin with , children from poorer families are prone to have bad habits such as : crime , thievery and thuggery .
moreover , these people will not have an access to a good education .
as a result , they can be proselytized into bad isms .
for example , most of the terroristic groups try to attract uneducated people , because the person with better education has a wider outlook , which will allow no brainwash .
in this sense , people with lower level of education have more proneness to be attracted in such isms .
nevertheless , people who are born in well - off families have access to good education , which will have a positive impact on their later life .
secondly , children from rich families have better skills on how to use money , because they use it a lot of times .
finally , wealthy families can afford better health services and costly medicines , which will be very beneficial for the health of a child .
for instance , many good medicines cost vast amounts of money , which cannot be afforded by poorer families .
in conclusion , i disagree with the opinion that children who are brought up in less well - of families are , likely , more successful in the future life due to aforementioned reasons .
recent medical problems and sedentary lifestyle .
it is certainly true that modern people are facing up to a new health problems and ailments than before .
many people claim that it is because of sedentary lifestlyle .
however , while i accept that sedentary lifestyle is one of the key factors , i believe that some other factors are having even a greater impact .
to begin with , i agree that sedentary lifestyle lead to many serious health problems .
the main reason why people are becoming so addicted to sitting at their homes even for the whole day is an advance technology .
in earlier times , for instance , even the types of entertainment tools were not in large numbers and all of them required physical presence and as a result they had more outdoor activities .
nowadays people , especially inhabitants of cities , are spending most of their time on sitting in front of tv or other tools .
nevertheless , there are some other causes why people are experiencing serious medical problems .
firstly , the environment of the modern world polluted very significantly from greenhouse gas emissions and other gasses .
many people , for example , are suffering from allergy because of these gasses .
secondly , foods with a low quality such as fast foods , junk foods and any genetically modified ones are influencing to our health very negatively .
finally , life becoming more stressful due to some recent problems such as traffic gam , traffic accidents and others .
given these evidences , it can be seen that people are facing up with many recently appeared illnesses due to aforementioned reasons .
problems and benefits of international tourism
along with the advancement of long - distance transportation , international tourism has boomed in the last few decades .
some people believe that this has brought more problems than benefits .
i disagree with this view .
i admit that tourism can have a negative impact on the natural environment .
in order to meet the needs of tourists , local governments are likely to build more facilities and infrastructures around tourist attractions , which may result in the destruction of natural habitats .
tourism also creates more pollution and waste , including growing emission of greenhouse gases , dumped leftovers and overuse of water , power and other kind of energy in luxurious hotels .
based on these grounds , it seems that tourism puts great pressure on ecosystem and local resources , and it should not be encouraged .
however , flourishing tourism in a place can be very rewarding in terms of local economy .
holiday makers flocking to other countries are not only bound to spend on tickets of attractions , but also pay for food , accommodation , transportation and entertainment .
both local people and governments can make a large amount of money through these services , and more employment opportunities can be created as well .
i also believe the revenue earned form tourism can be used in turn to reduce pollution and protect the environment .
furthermore , the increasing development of tourism is a boon to travelers as well .
the provision of direct airlines makes it possible for them to travel conveniently and comfortably .
with adequate local facilities and services available , they can spend more of their holidays having fun and relaxing .
in addition , both locals and tourists can experience more cultures than ever before , and they can be more open - minded to eliminate preconceptions and deepen mutual understanding among nations .
in conclusion , the prosperity of tourism can provide benefits for people on a global scale .
although there are some inevitable problems , they are outweighed by advantages and can be tackled if proper measures are taken .
how to learn children more efficiently
education is undeniably pivotal for an individual .
although , it is agreed that learning by watching tv is more effective to some children , i find it difficult not to oppose against the idea of having students spend more time on tvs .
the reason for this is traditional education has its stand for most appropriate method .
thus , physical inactivity should not be encouraged for the aim of bettering youngsters ' skills .
to begin with , classic teaching methods has been scientifically proven and utilized as the best mode of educate a child .
technology and its advance , to some degrees , have influenced the educational industry positively .
nevertheless , it has not changed the importance of teachers ' role in classes .
the fact that students nowadays do their homework or researches on computers rather than go to libraries is an illustration for this .
yet , monitors are unable to replace the appearance of educators since their knowledge and adaptability is priceless .
therefore , teacher cannot be switched with some unconscious screens .
secondly , watching television is a very passive action and should not be promoted by increasing periods spent on it .
on the other hand , children who have had such activities that interrelate to creativity , cooperation , competition tend to perform significantly better in general terms .
for instance , a conducted experiment indicates out - performance in skills like differentiate types of plants or animals of a child that experienced various activities in nature to a child spent most of his time watching documentaries .
as a result , such activities can equip a child necessary skill that is useful for his future career .
in conclusion , despite the fact that learning by watching tv suits some children , kids should never be encourage to engage in such passive activity .
school has been applying traditional teaching procedure since for ages .
additionally , it still performs at its best to equip a child with essential skills .
the option to work or study from home is advantage or disadvantage
undoubtedly this is an era of internet which impacts one ' s personal as well as professional life .
the effect is seen more on the developed countries where people choose to work or study from home instead of going to office or university .
some consider this approach to be an advantage while others reject this as a disadvantage .
both the points of views will be discussed in order .
on the one hand , the benefit that professionals or students get by connecting from home is enormous .
for one , it helps working people to maintain work life balance .
the best example is the new mother who can join her work as well as take care of her baby .
people also get the desired flexibility in terms of working hours .
for students too , studying from home is an attractive option .
they save the travelling time to universities and utilize that time on their studies .
in a busy city like tokyo , students waste a lot of time in travelling .
thus , the advantages that people enjoy by working or studying from home , are obvious .
on the other hand , one part of the society , has doubt over the productivity of people who prefers to work or study from home .
many employers argue that once an employee works from isolation , he or she spends a lot of time in communication via phone or email with colleagues .
this harms an employee ' s deliverable .
teachers think that students get affected too as they can not clear their doubts in study topics instantly .
due to this they lag in their studies .
these factors affect people who work or study from home .
following both the point of views , the option of working or studying from home is thought to provide more benefits than drawbacks .
it is hoped that people will continue to use internet to work or study and improve on the disadvantages into the foreseeable future .
some celebrities misguide young people & some guide them in right direction
some people think that celebrities are known for their glamorous lifestyle rather than the work they do .
while i agree this will bring negative impacts on the younger generation , this is not necessarily the case for those celebrities who are ambitious in their jobs .
it is true that some celebrities tend to show off their images in front of the public .
for example , some movie starts enjoy wearing luxury brand clothes and showing their expensive life style in front of the media , thereby gaining the public attention .
if they continue to behave in such a way , it will create a misleading image to young people who may think that extraordinary life can be achieved without hard work .
consequently , the attention of young people may become focused on chasing the dream of celebrity status .
this is detrimental to study and work ethics and habits .
nevertheless , i believe that other celebrities do set up role models to young people because of their visible accomplishments .
firstly , celebrities such as sports player whose performance and professional skills can be directly seen by their fans .
this means that people understand that the great deal of efforts on training is directly linked to their results .
therefore , this kind of self - made celebrity can inspire children to develop their talents through application and perseverance .
secondly , other celebrities such as musician also have achieved great success in their career .
take michael jackson as an example , his works are widely spread around the world , and have been extremely welcomed by the younger generation .
his songs spread the idea that people should care about each other , which suggests to young people how to become a good member of society .
in summary , although some celebrities misguide young people by showing their external wealth and appearance , other celebrities do lead young people in the right direction .
children can effectively learn from watching television
tv is an immense source of information and pupils can learn and develop various skills by watching it .
but i believe that by allowing students to watch tv at both school and house can adversely impact on their overall growth .
if children spend too much time in front of tv , it will negatively impact their health and study .
it is true that tv is one of the prime source of data and information .
there are international and local news channels like bbc , cnbc , etv gujarati , etv marathi etc to keep individuals updated about latest happenings .
by watching tv , children can develop skills in extra - curriculum activities .
for example , cooking programs teach about how to make new dishes and similarly , sports events like cricket , football can teach leadership skills , team building skills , communication skills and many more that can help students in their future jobs .
but on other hand , watching tv for a continuously long hours can adversely impact children health .
for example , they can get poor eyesight in early ages of childhood , and also develop back pain .
sometimes , students watch restrictive programs not allowed for their ages and this can have major psychological consequences .
many times , students get addictive to their favorite programs like cartoon channels , or baseball and easily get distracted from study during exam period and this can seriously impact their grades .
in conclusion , i believe demerits of watching tv outweigh its merits and thus if students were allowed to freely watch tv without any proper controls by parents or teachers then it would produce more negative effects on children .
machines - positive or negative for humans
advancements in technology have touched new heights in past few decades .
this can be seen no where clearer than in increasing use of machines now a days .
these machines reduce the physical work done by humans .
some people think that this is a positive development while others believe it to be disadvantageous for humans .
both sides will be critiqued before a reasoned conclusion is reached .
it is felt by many that the usage of machines is harmful for health of humans since machines decrease the work done by people .
for example , in many institutions staircases are replaced by lifts now a days .
people opt for elevators instead of climbing one or two flight of stairs .
it is confirmed in a number of researches that daily usage of elevators in workplaces promotes obesity .
so this example clearly shows the linkage between using machines and adverse health effects .
on other side of the coin , many people believe that usage of machines makes work easier and less time is consumed for doing similar amount of work .
take the example of use of food processors in kitchens .
the work of chopping , blending , grating , kneading has become so easy that people can not imagine their lives without this simple machine at their homes .
thus it is very obvious that using machines makes daily tasks less time consuming and less cumbersome .
after analyzing these two points of view , it is believed that using machines is advantageous as machines make work easy and smooth .
the negative effects on health can be put on the back seat because there are many other ways to exercise and stay healthy .
therefore , it is hoped that in coming time people will enjoy using more and more machines and will choose alternative ways to stay disease free .
way to reduce the amount of traffic ?
big cities nowadays can be described as melting pots .
the problem off traffic overload , caused by overpopulation , has aroused interest of many city planners .
it is argued that only if the demand to go out on the street is cut down can we solve the seemingly insurmountable issue of traffic gridlock .
however , i have to profoundly disagree for there are still two viable solutions besides besides this way .
first of all , public transport is a key factor to minimize the number of vehicles on the street .
buses and trains have been phased in the streets for quite a long time and have proven themselves the best candidates among all options .
apparently , a bus can carry no less than 30 people , while a train can carry as much as nine or even ten times of that number .
not to mention the fact that highway train is operated underground , which leaves the street above with buses and non - fuel - based vehicles .
together , they will lessen the crowded image in most cities nowadays .
second , rarely do we realize the helpful existence of urban areas .
it is believed that if some of the enormous shopping malls or universities were relocated in the commuter belt , the city street would be les burstling and overly - teemed as it is now .
as a rule of thumb , huge centers of attention distributed equally in a wide region means that residential areas will come along thus exert less pressure on the public facilities .
the city itself will be absolved of enduring the influx of immigrants as well as unemployed people .
in conclusion , city planner can still opt for non - personal vehicle and the exploitation of the suburb areas .
it is highly recommended to put forward such solution , especially in some developing countries like vietnam or china , with the ever - growing demand for job or education .
alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion
recently , a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation .
some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation , while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution .
in my opinion , i strongly agree that alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced .
in this essay , several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages .
firstly , an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution .
since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air , the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants .
therefore , it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles .
secondly , an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion .
once we get into the traffic jam , it forces us to waste our time for a while .
what is worse , traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result , it leads to an increase of traffic accidents .
thus , the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented .
in order to solve these problems , alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively .
with regard to the former , alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal .
for example , rental bicycle system has been introduced in several european countries .
this system is that at the corner of each district , the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee .
since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses , it is a better form to protect environment than automobile .
as for the latter point , the introduction of international laws can be also effective .
for instance , there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only .
thus , these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution .
in summary , even though some people claim the convenience of automobile , i would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion .
effect of celebrities on youth
young people all over the world are greatly influenced by media and celebrities .
these celebrities are popular among younger generations because of their glamorous lifestyles .
it is agreed that following celebrities can be dangerous for the youth .
this will be proven by looking at how health and personality of young people is affected by following celebrities as their mentors .
first of all , it is seen that following celebrities blindly affects the health of adolescents .
many young people indulge themselves in drugs and start smoking at an early age .
for example , in a survey carried out in a university , it was asked to students that why did they start smoking , then around forty percent of individuals answered that they wanted to look like their favorite screen actor while smoking cigarettes .
this example makes it clear that imitating celebrities has a negative influence on health of young individuals .
secondly , it is believed that when youth follows celebrities it affects personality of young people in a bad way .
adolescents follow not only the make up and attire of their favorite stars but also their behavior .
for instance recently in a poll conducted by an american magazine it was found that most of the parents and teachers complain that teenagers use derogatory words and abusive language at home and at schools .
so , this example makes it obvious that these glamorous celebrities have a poor effect on the conduct of young people .
thus to conclude , it can be said that when young people follow celebrities , it affects their health as well as behavior in a negative way .
this has an overall effect on personality and future of an individual .
therefore it is recommended that young people should be educated not to follow these celebrities blindly , rather they should focus on their career so that they may hope for a bright future .
the gender issue for getting education needs
the gender issues have been already discussing for many years in order to give solutions for realising the equal proportion of developing human resources .
implementing the statue and right of equal education are believed as a sustainable policy that should be held .
nowadays , there are many institutions that accept the same average number of male and female students in many kinds of course .
i strongly agree about this statement .
the proportion of women is rising year by year in many parts of the world recently .
automatically , the issue stimulates the stakeholders from many places to think what kind of preparations they should take for stabilising the economic growth and the quality life of people .
we can see now that women tend to work in various fields which in the past normally done by men such as being engineers , and dealing with machines .
those activities have proven that women can also do the men ' s works .
therefore , female students are indicated having the same potential and capability as men .
another reason is order to gaining higher education degree as it is required to establish a person ' s career .
these days , it is so hard for young people to get a proper job when they have not degree certificate from universities .
so , learning from human ' s history , education provides someone to widen his or her knowledge and experience for facing the real situation of workplace through subject taught in college .
according to this opinion , giving equal education for both men and women is a must .
in conclusion , the needs for having developed - skills and gaining degree certificate in order to build someone ' s career are totally needed to implement and applied for any gender .
as the world ' s situation is always changing , act for distributing education needs are absolutely important to compete the future challenges .
smoking should be made prohibited in public places
people the world over have designated smoothing as a shameful practice and a lethal habit .
several millions of smokers die suffering from cancers such as lung and oral .
this bad habit also responsible for causing health hazards to passive - smokers : who are around smoking is taken place .
thus , it is argued that smoking should be made prohibited in public places such as bus and railway stations .
this position will be proven by looking at how this arrangement has benefited both general public as well as smokers .
to start , non - smoking public would be undoubtedly benefited by enforcing such restrain .
prior to 1980 ' s public places in sri lanka , illustrates unpleasant situation where people smoked freely .
even in public transportation they engaged in this intolerant bad habit , some instances that lead to belligerent incidents .
after enforcing restrictions the situation came to control and this act as benefit rendered to the public .
in addition to this , introducing smoking ban in public places would greatly discourage people from engaging tobacco puffing .
for instance , further enforcement banned smoking in capital in sri lanka has reduced this consumption related diseases and deaths , as per the ministry of health .
as this shows , smoking restrictions has successfully daunted public from this bad puffing that put less strain on country ' s healthcare systems .
after analyzing smoke illegalization in public places in sri lanka , it has been proven benefits people enjoy this arrangement .
it is thus hoped governments would consider smoke banning in public places following footsteps of sri lanka as well as many other countries .
tourism : good or bad ?
tourism , since its first appearance a long time ago , can be described as a controversial celebrity .
some believe that tourism is attributed to domestic economic distortion , environmental devastation and irrepairable damage to the exploited places .
however , i strongly disagree with this misconcept for the two following reasons .
first of all , tourism plays an indispensable role in nurturing the economy in a way it is meant to be .
basically , places of interest often locate in the wilderness areas , of which economy , before their appearance , haven ' t blossmed yet .
not until the investment of some companies do chains of hotels and services spring up .
it will , by all means , attract considerable attention which goes hand in hand with the enormous income for the local residents .
in other word , tourism helps divert the local economy to its right direction , which exploit the best out of its own potential .
secondly , even though environmental damage is inevitable , it is not tourism to be blamed for .
in order to turn a wilderness into a place of attraction , the planners must have taken the nourishment of the sceneries into thorough consideration .
to be precise , for instance , a fortune is spent on trimming the trees , watering the flowers , preserving and balancing the local fauna and flora , in the hope of beautifying the wild .
not to mention ecotourism , a new kind of environment - friendly service , which gives all environmentalists and nature lovers a hand in raising the awareness of people in protecting their coexistent creatures .
because of that , tourism should not be alledged to be notorous for its detriment to the ecological diversity .
all thing considered , tourism has proven its friendly attitude towards the exploited areas in terms of finance and environmental impact .
in my opinion , the combination of tourism and teaching process is highly recommended in pursuit of a harmonial relationship between human and their surroundings .
future information technology : positive or negative ?
the appearance of information technology ( it ) in the last 20 years has brought about significant developments in life standard as well as work efficiency .
however , it is believed that the evolution also proves to be detrimental .
in my opinion , there is a likelihood that future developments in it will put the users at their own expense .
with the rapid developing pace , it seems to have turned its users to its slaves .
in the past , there used to be world wide web or e - mail , but the cyber world now varies form games , online tv shows to means of communication , and probably still keeps going .
such irrisistible temptations drift people from the real world to the unreal ones , resulting in their dependence on technical equipment .
what is more , the lack of soft skills attained form outdoor activities will agitate the it addict , therefore , staying inside with computer and mobile phone will always be the first alternative .
future it has also aroused concern on health issues .
the existence of skype , viber or yahoo has notably reduced even the longest distance into one click .
as a result , rarely do people go out of their comfot zone , provided with snack and air conditioner , to assemble with others in flesh .
needless to say , their action will make a beeline for obesity , short - sighted , diabetes and other heart - related problems .
in conclusion , despite the contribution of it to the society , its effect on the users ' independence and prositution should not be out of concern .
to my mind , there have to be some alterations before it has more serious impact on each individual ' s life .
vegetarianism - why some people are choosing to become vegetarian ?
since the dawn of time , human has considered meat as a fundamental protein sources .
meat has served as the main dish in almost every family ' s meals all around the world .
recent years , however , has seen a rapid increase in the number of vegetarians .
some people claim that this is brought about by the care for animal rights issue , others think it is much beyond that .
it is clear to me that people avoid eating meat mostly for the sake of their health and relegious aspect .
firstly , health improvement is the main reason for vegetarian diet to become so popular .
many researchers have convinced that many kinds of vegetable contain antioxydant which can prevent cancer .
this fortifies the fact that a vegetable diet can do good for our health .
although some argue that a meal without meat can lead to a lack of protein intake , it is proved that many kinds of bean such as soy bean or pea are also comparable protein sources .
secondy , relegious beliefs also contributes to a vegetarian diet .
some religion , such as buddha , believes that animals were human being in their previous life , so eating their meat mean you eat the flesh of your parent sentient beings .
it is often said that this view is rather unscientific .
however , i am convinced that it is vital to follow one ' s own religious practices which can bring the enlightenment in mind .
to sum up , it is evident for me that people choose to become vegetarians for health and religious concern rather than the benefits of animals .
however , a meal which is nutritionally balanced is always most recommended .
the zoo deserves maintenance and public respect
for a long time , the zoo has been a second home to endangered animals .
however , other people believe that the existence of zoos is next to nothing .
in my opinion , the zoo deserves maintenance and public respect for two specific reasons .
first of all , the zoo should be considered as a means of education with regard to providing real and vivid materials for learners .
with zoos , pupils will have a chance of observing the habit and unique instinct of , for instance , a lion or a crocodile .
at a higher level , it is of university students ' benefits to do biological research based on practical statistics and live recordings , which otherwise would not be at hand .
this means that the zoos conduce to the acquisition of knowledge at various levels .
secondly , the zoo also serve as a means of ecological protection .
nowadays the process of globalisation is accompanied by the encroachment upon natural habitats , which consequently calls for the help of zoos .
what is more , the ever - increasing huntings are having a heavy toll on rare and specious species .
only when zoos appear are such distinction - driven animals as : giraffe , panda , koala or leopard provided with their own inaccessible territory .
in sum , the role of zoos towards both human and animals is undeniably indispensable .
it is highly recommended that zoos should be seen with different perspective in order to function at their most efficiency .
languages ' extinction , discuss both views
it is true that the increasing number of languages which are at risk of extinction has become one of the most significant issues that many people of today ' s society are very concerned for .
the question whether our government should make an effort to preserve them by investing more money on that minority languages or not is still a debatable one .
i personally suppose that no matter how widely they are spoken , every language should be protected from being disappeared .
there are several reasons why saving regional languages could be seen as a waste of money .
firstly , we need to consider that if the government expands the use scope of that languages , it can be really expensive because educational programmes will need to be given so as to keep young people learning and using them .
for example , some certain areas in the southern vietnam have been trying to help their secondary school students who are originally from khmer people speak their language beside vietnamese , so the local government has recently struggled with their costly investments on language teachers , facilities and appropriate materials .
secondly , it is obvious that in many aspects such as communication , trade , cooperation as well as transaction , it will be absolutely easier for the whole society to work together in one language only .
despite of the above arguments , i still strongly believe that the government should try to preserve minority languages .
this is because language can be seen as much more than just one method of communication .
in addition , forming a language must be undergone thousands of years ; thus , it deserves to be respected and preserved .
last but not least , language is one of the essential factors creating the differences and unique cutures in the world .
therefore , saving the use of that kinds of languages in this case generally is the most important element of the cultural diversity ' s preservation .
in conclusion , although letting languages spoken by ethnic minorities be extinct seems to be very beneficial , it will definitely impact seriously on many other aspects especially in the loss of our cultural heritages .
prevention is better than cure
there has always been a saying in medicine : " prevention is better than cure ".
this statement has raised a question whether the government should allocate a large sum out of the national health budget to educating and phasing in health - protected measures .
in my opinion , this plan should be put into practice for the two reasons mentioned accordingly .
no one can argue the importance to include health lessons in school programmes , especially at primary level , in the hope of raising people ' s awareness .
children should be taught about balanced diets , nutritious food as well as harmful ones , thereby they will have a fundamental grasp of how to lead a healthy lifestyle .
what is more , it is much easier for people at early ages to form a habit of , for instance , not consuming too much fast food , over - fried food or intoxicants .
in addition , it will be of economic benefit to pre - empt certain kinds of diseases .
needless to say , such unpreventable illnesses as cancer or hiv will cost the victim a fortune , not to cure , but to lengthen his longevity for 1 or 2 more years .
similarly , if humans tend to keep fit more regularly by participating in outdoor activities or using health - care product , obesity , myopia or other diseases that require expensive treatments will never stand a chance .
to sum up , i have to concede to the materialistic diversion from treatment to health education and preventative measures .
this will yield positive results on not only the people ' s physical and mental development but also their finance .
teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects
recently , there has been a social concern with regard to who is the best teacher for children ' s education .
indeed , children grow up with two important people , their parents and teachers , and both are important in children ' s development .
as far as i am concerned , i agree with the view that the teacher is the best option for children ' s education in some aspects .
in the first place , school teachers are more qualified than parents in the field of education .
for instance , to be able to obtain the teacher certificates , people need years of training at their normal schools to learn theoretical knowledge .
however , in comparison to teachers , parents tend to have less knowledge to teach their children ' s subjects such as mathematics and physics .
furthermore , teaching staff are professional and experienced in terms of promoting children ' s communication skills .
for example , after many years of teaching experience , teacher are able to know how to help children to develop important life skills such as learning personal boundaries , facing future problems and learning important conflict resolution skills .
by contrast , parents are facing difficult generation gap with their children because they are less likely to know how to handle family conflicts in an efficient way .
last but not least , compared with teachers , parents do not have enough time to spend with their children .
nowadays we are facing a global economic crisis and it is necessary for both parents to work , hence there is only limited time for them to teach their children .
thus , it was impossible for them to be a good teacher .
in conclusion , teachers are the best for children ' s education .
not only do they contribute much to children ' s professional skills but also they can teach their students important social communication techniques in order to survive in this competitive world .
giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect
in this world , there is no one who does not know this world ' globalization ', which means the world are more closer , and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways .
that is why governmental and non - governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries .
it is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries .
in addition , a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries .
however , i agree that aiding poor countries has positive effects , overweighing its side - effects for the several reasons .
first of all , poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer .
to be out of poverty , it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light , electricity , load , highways , natural resources , technology and buildings for companies .
aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business .
in actual , republic of korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in africa in 1960 ' s .
now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties .
secondly , aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people .
if people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases , they would never take their abundance for granted .
it not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love , but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization .
third , the campaigns might include practical benefits .
in globalized world , the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others .
when america mortgage loan system went bad , several economies of european and asian countries fluctuated , even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt .
in conclusion , there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid ; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people , keeping strong global economy .
i strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers , and it will make the earth a better place to live .
salary is the most important consideration when choosing a job
along with the increasing physical demands of human life , salary has become the most influential consideration in defining careers of everyone .
i personally suppose that there are still many other aspects which should be seen as important as income when people choose a job .
in the following paragraphs , some of my viewpoints would be given and analyzed respectively .
on one hand , i agree that money is very essential in order to meet human ' basic needs .
more specifically , people tend to choose high salary jobs so as to not only help themselves but also support partially or wholly their family ' s living needs such as food , clothes , accommodation , education , medication .
it is obvious that people who are woking in art or painting industries , for example , will find it quite difficult to live comfortably and enjoyably .
this is because they are doing what they love , their income however seems to be quite low compared to many other career paths .
on the other hand , i believe that if we are passionate about what we are working , we are likely to achieve success easily in that field .
there are plenty of people , who are now really successful , have started working in challenging as well as competitive fields as singers , dancers and painters .
besides , important factors in choosing a job such as level of happiness , satisfaction of jobs , personal relationships , professional skills , working environment , managers and colleagues should not be underestimated .
finally , some people choose a career due to their desire to help others and contribute positively to their countries and societies .
in conclusion , it is undeniable that income is still a vital determination impacting us on choices of careers .
nonetheless , passion on jobs , in my opinion , can bring actual happiness and help us get promoted in working to earn even more money later on .
increased taxation on petrol and diesel fuel to discourage private cars ?
there is no doubt our life has had a change for the better since cars were introduced .
however , cars themselves , especially private ones , have exerted severe pressure on the environment and economy for wasteful oil consumption .
while many believe that petrol and diesel fuel should be charged with the highest taxation , i strongly disagree with this notion .
one can not deny the fact that if petrol and fuel taxation are raised , people might hesitate choosing a personal automobile .
taxation may have tackled the environmental issue simply by diverting people to public transportations such as trains , buses or ferries .
additionally , for those who have already afforded a car , there is a likelihood it is restraint from usage on long journeys or to crowded cities .
however , taxation on flamable resources might backfire by conducing to inflation .
to be precise , the more costly petrol is , the higher the price of necessary product : rice , meat or even vegetable .
consequently , people have to turn to cheaper alternatives , which might cause the abundance in goods and later on , economic crisis .
another point that should be taken into account is countries that import oil will be more dependent on the exporters , both politically and financially .
suppose that the those countries cut down on its oil support , other nations will have to pay more as well as release beneficial policies for them .
america , for example , has recently drawn its intervention in russian crisis only due to the influx of oil .
to summarize , higher fuel and petrol cost has its own pros and cons .
however , it disadvantages may outweigh its advantages with regard to economic and politic issues , making it advisable to seek another options to reduce the use of personal cars .
negative effects of technological process
it is undeniable that technological process has brought numerous benefits making human life become more and more comfortable and easy .
some individuals assume that this technological development also causes many drawbacks impacting seriously on our lives .
i personally disagree with this view .
in the following paragraphs , both sides of the above matter as well as my own view ' s explanations would be analyzed and given , respectively .
firstly , it is undoubtedly that thanks to modern technology invented recently , human life has been improved dramatically .
air - conditioners , computers , cellphones , washing machines , for example , is likely to be seen as greatest inventions helping people to reduce stress and time for other activities .
moreover , applying technological science into the preparation of medications also plays a significant role in saving the number of patients ' lives .
however , some negative aspects of technological process need to be mentioned clearly .
in spite of bring fantastic advantages , technological products have devastated the natural environment indirectly through its production process .
this is because exploiting and collecting raw materials as well as essential fuels to serve the production of technological products have destroyed nature seriously .
last but not least , technology may decrease a great deal of creativity in certain groups of people especially children and the youth due to the dependence upon available achievements .
in conclusion , i totally believe that technology has a great contribution to our lives and civilization .
we can not neglect profound impact of great technological process on human life .
nonetheless , its adverse effects need controlling more reasonably .
large amount of violence in television programs
excessive violence in television programs has been one of the major concerns facing society .
reducing such contents from tv shows is the widely accepted solution endorsed by the majority of governments throughout the world today .
personally , i believe that governments should definitely reduce violent components to the minimum in kidvids , while such contents remain in the tv shows that for mature minds to watch would be entirely reasonable .
admittedly , reducing the proportion of violent content in tv shows could , to some degree , decrease the overall crime rate .
however , in order to tackle this problem more effectively , governments must first prohibit any types of violent content in all children ’ s television programs .
as a result of mental immaturity , most youngsters are incapable of distinguishing right from wrong .
little wonder , then , that by watching these violent tv programs and videos , juveniles will become very aggressive and offensive and have a great tendency to commit crimes .
therefore , it would be rather necessary for governments to establish an intensive law that prevents teenagers from watching these violent and brutal tv shows and movies .
nevertheless , it would certainly be a violation of adults ’ civil liberties , if governments implement such a restricted regulation on these tv shows or movies that only for mature audiences .
frequently , adults watch horror video or war movies for relaxing themselves after a busy day .
for whom , such media sources are mere materials of relaxation and entertainment .
considering that these mature minds are capable of being responsible for their own behaviors , they certainly have the right to watch tv shows or movies that are appealing to them .
in conclusion , it is my belief that violent contents must be excluded from all kidvids in order to reduce the proportion of juvenile delinquency ; however , the adults should not be the victim of this policy .
do guns can really increase the level of violence ?
the number of criminality is increase rapidly throughout the world .
some inhabitants argue that this case appears because the guns are always used by a police to solve a criminal act .
personally , i tend to disagree with this statement , while i believe that other factors contribute a slight incline level of violence .
on the one hand , i agree that a police holds a responsibility to tackle of violence in the urban or suburban areas using a gun .
an obvious example of this happens in the united state , a man killed more than ten people in the cinema using a weapon , while a police shot in the foot to paralyze him .
obviously , police officers can force a criminal to surrender , because they have a weapon which will prevent an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public .
as a result , some military weapons need encouraging for police officers to protect the public and minimize the rate of violence .
on the other hand , there are some reason why the level of bloody increases significantly in the communities .
firstly , the number of unemployment rate has risen to 15 percent in several globalized and non - globalized countries .
many well - qualified and well - educated person cannot earn some money to live comfortably .
secondly , cost of living in the big city is extremely expensive , so this problem impresses some people who live under the poverty line to do anything to pay their basic needs .
many baggers chose to be a pickpocket in the public transport , for instance .
in conclusion , it seems to me that the guns which are used by police have not been a trigger of higher level of violence .
however , some cases occupy a crucial reason to do a criminality in society such unemployment .
in my view , the main focus is decreasing a level of unemployment to avoid a criminal act .
life in big cities vs people ' s health
today , more and more people are moving to big cities to live .
however , while life in those cities is good in some ways , i completely argue that people ' s health would therefore be affected negatively .
environment pollution one of the primary reasons why life in cities is becoming worse than ever before .
exhaust from transportation , especially cars , and factories ' tosix fumes can lead people to face with various respiratory deseases .
besides , water pollution makes people ' s health become more critical .
the fact is that dangerous bacterias and germs in polluted water can go indirectly into people ' s bodies and create severe problems , which may result in death if the patients are not treated in time .
moreover , it is likely that many foods in big cities are not safe for people to eat or drink .
recent investigations reveal that toxic foods are sold pervasively in today ' s market .
also , overpopulation may make people suffer from infectious deseases , especially cough , sneezing and illness .
furthermore , living in such cities also means living in high crime rate areas .
unemployed workers or school dropouts can easily commit crime from petty offence to felony such as burglary , pickpocketing , trickery , vandalism , smuggling or even murder .
earning money for living becomes more difficult , living healthy in such places is getting harder also .
in conclusion , i believe that life in big cities can have negative effects on people ' s health .
thus , both government and individual should take steps to diminish the consequences involved .
education plays an important role in the socioeconomic status of a country
education is undeniably an economic necessity .
in most countries , it makes up a considerable part of its national budget yearly .
in highly industrialized countries , undertakings are made to make it accessible and affordable to all .
i believe that education is the single most important factor in the development of a country .
in a developing country , not many can afford to send their children to school .
there are government schools where tuition fees are practically free but they are not aplenty and mostly are situated in the cities .
they are not reachable by children who live in the mountains or islands .
these children whose parents are either farmers or fishermen , can hardly eat three meals a day , let alone afford to pay for transportation to get to these schools everyday .
as a result , these children remain uneducated and will have the same fate as their parents .
development through education does not necessarily mean raising a country full of doctors , lawyers or engineers .
basic education teaches one child to read and write .
supplementary education provides him with useful knowledge and information .
a further specific education can teach an individual with skills enough to make a living and be self - sufficient .
a well - informed man can act sensibly and make sound judgment .
in the same way , a skillful man contributes favorably and is valuable to the society .
collectively , the benefits of education can make a man , a society and a developed country .
in conclusion , education plays an important role in the socioeconomic status of a country .
the more people in the country become educated , the better chance it can develop .
celebrities & their influences
some people argue that adolescents are being influenced badly by untalented people who become famous thanks to their luxurious lifestyle and wealth .
to some extent , i do not agree with this statement .
first of all , it is true that people use their money to become an inspiration are definitely not a good mirror for young people .
we definitely do not want our children to spend money on luxurious custom or lifestyle just to be similar to someone , especially when these people are not symbols of any talent but showing off .
however , the young generation these days is very conscious toward positive lifestyles .
they are mostly being educated at very early ages by family or schools as to distinguish what is benefit for them .
therefore , it is not easy to influence young people these days when they are well equipped of life skills .
moreover , it seems to me that not many people can exist in the celebrities ' world without any talents or achievements .
we are giving chances to many teenagers to show their intelligence in different talent shows , for example ; the voice , x factor or next top models etc .
as a result , to become a star and an inspiration for people , a person need to have real talent to compete with other candidates .
thus , only money and glamour look are not enough for a person to be recognized anymore , it is importance that they have to have achievements in order to be a muse to youngsters .
in conclusion , people without talents cannot be famous in this changing world and to be accredited they need to contribute positively to young generation .
that is the reason why celebrities nowadays give more good influence on young people than they were previously .
mobile phones : faster communication vs social problems
recently , there has been a social concern with regard to whether or not mobiles phones have negative effects on our social life .
indeed , mobile phones have widely been used by people of all ages .
however , i believe , this great invention in the 21st century causes many problems in our society .
in the first place , spending too much time on mobiles phones many exert an adverse effect on our social skills .
for example , as people , especially teenagers increasingly tend to focus on their phones , they may lose their interests on daily activities such as meeting with friends , and this lack of communication may impair their future negotiation and interpersonal skills .
moreover , continuous use of mobile phones may also damage children ' s eyesight and physical posture .
as a result , it is harmful for us to use mobile phones frequently .
furthermore , the growing number of mobiles games will impact their mental development .
for instance , there many game applications available online and many of them are quite aggressive in nature .
in these games , children are rewarded to help their characters to kill or shoot monsters or characters controlled by other players , and this many lead to development of aggressive feelings , thoughts and behaviors .
consequently , frequent conflicts may occur during communication .
however , we may perceive this issue from different viewpoints .
mobile phones , such as smart phones , has made our communication easy and convenience .
the reason is that , as most of the telecommunication companies provide us with access to the internet via our phones , people are able to enjoy sending instant messages and making international calls free of charge .
thus , mobile phones have shortened the distance of communication .
to sum up , although mobile phones make our communication faster , it also gives rise to many social problems such as children ' s social skills and their mental health .
therefore , i highly advocate that we should use mobile phone in moderation in order to avoid these serious problems .
the environment problems facing today ' s world are so great
nowadays , many countries are concerned with the environment problems .
there is a viewpoint that the government and big firms should assume the responsibility to protect the environment and normal citizens have nothing to do for that .
personally , i think both government and common people should have the responsibility for the environment , but we need to analyze some specific situations .
on one hand , solving some environmental problems needs large budgets and various technologies , and the government and corporations have the ability to deal with these problems .
for example , air pollution and water quality has concerned many countries , and the government is able to implement some policies and invest money to reduce air pollution , while companies also can enhance their technologies to curb emission of contaminated water and substances .
however , individuals are unable to cope with these things .
besides , the government and firms could have significant influences on environmental awareness of people .
it is necessary for every citizen to have the awareness and knowledge of environment protection .
this means that we should convey corresponding policies and knowledge to the public and society , and the government controls many influential media , such as tv stations and newspapers , which can provide plenty of environmental knowledge and related policies to citizens .
on the other hand , it is possible for ordinary people to participate in some actions of environment protection , and they also can benefit from the improvement of environment .
for instance , many people driving private cars could cause air pollution , and overusing plastic packages would affect the environment .
if people can gradually change some lifestyles in these daily activities , this will have many significant impacts on environmental improvement .
in conclusion , the government and corporations should take more responsibility for addressing environmental issues , but every citizen also can contribute to the environment .
effects of globalization
during the history of the world , every change has its own positive and negative sides .
globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception .
although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world ; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue .
some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country .
they think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments .
those who disagree , believe that globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects .
developing globalization , people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world .
in addition , they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries .
moreover , the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization .
in conclusion , i would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress .
i think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them .
is it necessary to teach children handwriting ?
in this age of modern technology , some people usually underestimate the importance of teaching handwriting for children .
to some people , it is considered as an arduous and time consuming task .
from my point of view , children are those who need to be under instruction of handwriting for several reasons .
despite the convenience from up - to - date facilities , handwriting still plays a vital role in students ' learning .
firstly , this approach is a basis tool used in several fields such as taking notes , doing homework and writing .
it enables to improve learners ' spelling capacity and accompany reading or writing disabilities as well .
under the guidance of parents or teachers , children can benefit from practicing handwriting .
this way of writing will encourage them to pay more attention on content , elaborate in details and develop their organization abilities .
secondly , parents and schools should give priority on directing their kids about handwriting as poor handwriting can have a negative impact on students ' school performance .
the fact is that kids who are bad at handwriting meet difficulties in taking notes and catching up lessons .
it resulted in the missing of information and the lack of details during their works .
moreover , the increasing taking advantage of advanced equipment could make students be lazier and more subjective in their writing skills .
for example , with the assistance of automatic grammar and spelling checking in office word , learners are now no need for noticing much in their mistakes .
to conclude , no matter how fast and convenient modern devices bring to us in writing , handwriting is still a needed skill for all of people , especially students at the early age .
the tax reduction of state school for parents who have children studying in private system
some people who send their children to private schools contend that the amount of taxes they pay for the state education is unreasonable .
however , i am utterly convinced that these taxes are absolutely essential .
firstly , by paying taxes for public school , affluent people effectively contribute to narrowing down the gap between rich and poor .
it is true that many poor families are not able to afford tuition fees for their kids to attend a course .
with the the tax amount for which they pay , the rich may help a vast number of students from families with poverty background to continue their studies , and earn a better quality of life .
secondly , the tax reduction for parents of children studying in private schools would lead to a waste of public capital .
obviously , this reduction would cause a difficulty to the tax calculation ; therefore , the government would have to recruit a greater workforce in order to handle this sophisticated issue .
in addition , the government would also pay the salary for the excessive officials , and this would result in insufficient investments in other crucial public sectors such as education or health care .
many parents supporting for the idea of tax discounts claim that such tax payments are unfair for them .
they point out that it is irrational to require them to pay for the taxes they do not use .
nevertheless , we also pay for the public services that we even do not experience a chance to employ like police or fire brigade .
we certainly do not hope for a reduction for these sorts of taxes .
on the whole , i do believe that taxes paying for state schools are necessary to be compulsory for all members of society no matter where their children enroll in .
arts and public services are both important to the community and should be invested properly
there has been wide opinion that government should invest more money on public services rather than arts such as music and theatre .
however , in my perspective , both public services and arts worth investment .
it is obvious axiomatic that indispensable public services like hospital and school worth every penny investing .
investing in hospitals helps improve people ' s health , also , in schools assists with raising our children ' s education level .
apparently if these facilities were not spent adequately , our standard of living would deteriorate .
but our standard of living also depend on another factor - spiritual life which is related closely with arts .
arts include many forms and music as well as cinema are the most typical .
these two art forms not only provide the public with entertainment but also contribute significantly to the economy .
the income of film and music industries produce millions of dollars each year for the goverment , for instance k - pop and hollywood , and these industries can not survive without goverment ' s financial assistance .
the long and the short of it , both arts and public services are important to the community and should be invested properly .
modern technology has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways
nowadays , technology has been developing significantly , impacting many aspects of our life .
while there is belief that technology advances means a lost in traditional cultures , i would argue that although the affect of technology on culture is undeniable , it has also contributed to the preservation of traditonal culture .
thanks to modern technology , our life has been improved with many gadgets .
the invention of mobile phone and internet has changed our traditional ways of communicating as well as working , it has also been much less labourous than in the pass with the assistance of electrical machineries .
however , these newfangled practices has replaced many old traditional ones .
for instance , factories equipped with new and highly - productive system has replaced old handmade products , the exchange of letters among friends is so hard to be seen as we have had emails and social network instead , new video games has superseded the old - physical ones .
many old traditionally cultural things have long gone as a result of modern technology .
however , despite the drawback mentioned above , technology has also made some contributions to the maintenance and study of traditional cultures in some ways .
internet has aided to assess the young generations to the cultural identity of many nations from all around the world .
with the help of advanced methods , many art masterpiece has been well restorated and well preserved .
modern devices also assist the scientists to study the ancient societies much more deeply , hence discovering more cultural traces .
to give a brief conclusion , modern technogy has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways .
drugs , alcohol and messy sex lives
celebrities , for example movie stars , are usually seen on media living a luxury life or having a new girlfriend , etc .
it is human nature that people , especially youngsters , are attracted to the celebrities they favour , and that is why the media prefer to cover as much news of the celebrities as possible .
but i tend to think that this is a worrying tread which has negative impact on children .
the first impression of the celebrities seems that they are rich while not having to work hard .
this gives children the idea that it is not necessary to study hard at school for a better career and earning a living .
further more , they will not value other people ' s hard work and take everything for granted .
meanwhile , not all celebrities are role models .
it is not uncommon to see on the media that some of them are committing to crimes or misbehaving such as being addicted to drugs or alcohols , having messy sex lives .
worse still , without proper parenting , children may perceive that this is the cool life people are supposed to be living .
of course , some celebrities , e . g . writers , passionate entrepreneurs are good examples to children for they share fascinating stories or how to pursue their goal by doing something that has a meaning to them and may change the world .
in conclusion , media should shift its focus from covering celebrities to elsewhere .
meanwhile , children ' s access to the celebrities news on the media should be restricted and they should study only from the celebrities who can act positively .
fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth
in today ' s world , having and raising children can be a very difficult task for families , the smallest component of the society .
while mother ' s role is essential in a child ' s life , i completely agree with the idea that fatherhood is a as vital part of a healty parantage as much as motherhood .
the first reason why the father ' s role should be equal to the mother ' s role is the nature of parantage .
in my view , the role models within a family play a significant role in the development of the child ' s characteristics .
for example , in a traditional turkish family , while a mother has a sincere and thoughtful approach to the child , a father role must be present as authoritarian and conversative to raise a well - behaved child .
the second reason why i believe that fatherood is as important as motherhood is the dynamics of the relationships today .
in my opinion , we are living in a society that puts a significant importance to gender equality in every aspect of the life , including relationships .
for instance , a family formed by a woman with a housewife role who looks after the home and takes care of children and a man who brings money home can not be seen anymore in today ' s society .
instead , all of the couple duties are performed equally and interchangeably by individuals .
therefore , i believe that having and raising children should not be different than any other daily activity .
in conclusion , fatherhood should be as present as motherhood in a child ' s life starting from the the birth due to providing appropriate parenthood and having healthy family relationships .
children should studying hard or playing sport ?
both can improve their future
some people believe that studying hard is essential part for children , otherwise others people think that playing sport is waste of time .
in my point of view , both of studying hard and playing sports are part of life to children .
on the other hand , studying hard will give children a better future .
studying hard gives children with a plenty of knowledge and skills for their future .
naturally , children will be growing up and looking for their job .
for instance , children who always studying hard and getting high achievement , it will be easy to pass qualification for work and they are more likely to find great work at multinational company .
if they working at multinational company as the result is they can earn higher salary .
the message is when you always studying harder than others you will get best results .
at the same time , playing sports will give good effects on children .
there are many popular sports among children such as football , basketball , and volleyball .
also , there are many benefit when children doing sport .
firstly , children who always playing sport like football , they will be active as a person and learn to become team - player .
it will be good for children , because indirectly they will learn how to socialize each other as a team .
that will make children getting lots of friends , so they can contribute positively to community .
secondly , playing sport makes children getting healthy and become children ' s well - being .
in conclusion , both studying hard at school and playing sports can improve children ' s future .
study at school or get a job ?
many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future .
others , however , think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job .
personally , i tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school .
first of all , schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying .
it creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things .
second of all , schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students .
students may learn professional skills , expand their understandings and gain experiences .
therefore , they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future .
for example , as we know , employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills .
nevertheless , it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job .
whether children can learn a lot at school , there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future .
furthermore , children can learn social skills when they have a job .
they can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school .
working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they ' ve earned .
overall , i believe that students should study at school .
even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job , studying at school is always the best choice for children ' s future .
there are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job .
high sales reflect power of advertising and not the real need
nowadays , we can see advertisements everywhere , from television set to posters on the streets .
some people believe that these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television .
i tend to agree with this view .
to boost their sales and win over customers , companies pour a great amount of money into advertising .
most of the time , it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product .
by which i mean , huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product .
by casting famous singers in their television advertisement , motorcycles or clothes for example , sales increase significantly since youngsters , as the target consumers , love celebrities .
since having these products shows their status , the quality obviously is not relatively important .
however , despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated , it is also true that it plays and important role economically .
they introduce new products , and provide various choices , not to mention they are often visually enjoyable , since they aim to grab your attention .
advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels , creates a fair environment for commercial competition .
otherwise the market may be monopolistic , and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective .
the power of advertising maybe over - rated , we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers .
no matter how appealing the advertisements are , we should be able to make the decision on our own .
more people are migrating to other countries than ever before
the last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries .
people moved due to a number of reasons , namely better educations or higher salary jobs .
some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries ’ cultures .
however i strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values .
firstly , maintaining one ’ s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments .
take australia for example , immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues .
many australians come this day to enjoy the shows , learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values .
these feedbacks , in turn , help raise one ’ s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more .
thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential .
secondly , it is crucial to keep one ’ s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin .
for instance , children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends .
in this new environment , parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home .
fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated , in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism .
hence , it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important .
to conclude , although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one ’ s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures .
as far as i am concerned , sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society .
gun control
gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society , which is strictly controlled in most countries .
however , gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others .
therefore , this is still a controversial topic around the world .
from my point of view , it is sensible to enforce the gun control .
the first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns .
the accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns .
for example , we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting .
so the fewer guns possessed , the fewer accidents would happened , our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates .
secondly , most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns , especially in some countries where guns are available for people .
eventually , guns will create a violent society if the trend continues .
take an example , in american , young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns , which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting .
what is worse , some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police , which makes citizens always live in danger .
thirdly , the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide .
in the us , firearms remain the most common method of suicide , accounting for about 50 per cent .
unfortunately , there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over .
in conclusion , considering the rise in accident rates , violent crime rates and suicide rates , i support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence .
international sporting occasions help to ease international tensions
international sporting events are a good change to create a multi - nation community of fans having the same passion .
it will help people around the world understand each other more .
since , international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .
an international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world .
for the time of occasions , people regardless of nationality , origin and religion will live together .
people can understand more about a country , it is useful to ease tensions between nations .
for example in fifa world cup 2010 , the relation between north korea and south korea is dangerous for the warship sinking .
the world suspected north korea of the aggressive action .
however , due to this event north korea showed a friendship and enthuasism .
it is rare times when people can learn about this country .
it really help to alleviate the tension .
besides easing tensions , an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way .
when they garther together to encourage their team , they will show their patriotic emotions .
regardless of the competition between teams , their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport .
moreover , all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media .
they will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people .
in olympic beijing 2008 , chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country .
first of all , foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students .
they were welcomed by each chinese hospitality , beauty in each cities .
everythings is created by patriotic emotions of chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful china to the world .
in conclusion , international sporting events will draw the international concern .
it will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way .
technology that widen the gap between rich and poor ?
technology , in the past two hundred years , has taken a dramatic progress in many fields of our society , such as telecommunications , manufacturing and buildings , etc .
certainly , technologies have also contributed to the great change of our daily lives .
however , today some people consider that the range of technology regarding of public has a negative effect on increasing the gap between rich and poor .
personally , i find it hard for me to agree with this opinion by the following reasons .
in the first instance , the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products .
about ten years ago , mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country , only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one .
today , mobile phones become a common one of household items , which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies .
thus , most members of our society can benefit from the consequences of technical advancements , especially the poor people .
secondly , technical developments improve productivity , which help people to escape from daily chores , and invest more time and energy in studying and living a more meaningful life .
with the development of internet , we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day .
in the past time , we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us .
nowadays , we can talk with our friends online , no matter where we are and how far between us .
in addition , the internet gives everyone access to the same information , this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals .
undoubtedly , everything has two sides and technology is not an exception .
to some extent , the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology , because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high - tech products , and these products can help them to earn more in return .
nevertheless , i think it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology , and technology is not the root cause of the gap .
in conclusion , the good technology bringing to us is undeniable .
under proper use of technology , the human being can be benefit a lot and perpetually from the advancement of it .
why should human beings travel to outer space ?
for many centuries , outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study .
space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful .
however , a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money , to illustrate , astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment .
on the other hand , there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space .
firstly , many facts about solar system can be discovered .
for instance , a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round , not flat .
another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun , not vice versa .
if it was not for the space exploration , we would never know these facts .
secondly , people can know more about the planet earth itself .
by observing planet earth from outer space , people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth .
with this knowledge , people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming .
finally , a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented .
as astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in , scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks .
oxygen tanks , for instance , are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater .
moreover , spaceships , communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society .
as a conclusion , i personally think that human beings should travel to outer space .
in spite of costing a fortune , space exploration has given aforementioned benefits .
benefits of students doing extra jobs
in present day and age , students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university .
this phenomenon , although in some extents , are proved to have negative effects , i feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages .
in this essay , some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained .
it is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs .
part - time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities .
in addition , that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities .
as a result , students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands - on experience .
moreover , having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation .
secondly , students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones .
by constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation , then students ' confidence could be significantly gained .
also , working conditions require students the independency in thinking , working , and solving problems , which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities .
lastly , doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation .
indeed , high studying tuition , added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students .
with the money they earn from extra jobs , which normally is not much , those difficulties could be partially solved .
moreover , that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well - prepared condition for their independent later life .
in conclusion , i feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits .
by taking on an extra job , students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience , confidence and accommodation .
it is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future .
benefits of students ' unpaid work
the purpose of this essay is to discuss what can students and the organizations benefit from the activity that the students sent by their schools to work for companies without salaries .
in this essay , i would start by analyzing the advantages for doing this for both students and companies , and then i would draw a conclusion at the end .
to begin with , students can learn invaluable experiences through the period of time working for the institutions they are assigned to .
in most school curriculums , the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom .
as a result , students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation .
for this reason , the internship , although without pay , can give them the experiences that money cannot buy .
as for the companies , the unpaid interns can no doubt save some money .
in addition , the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination , which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan .
moreover they can start looking for potential employees and begin the training .
therefore , companies save time and resources for searching new staffs and organizing an orientation .
to sum up , students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more as they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say .
government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy
the increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past .
it is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco - friendly .
i will analyze these areas in the essay .
firstly , the major source of energy today is water .
although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source .
to generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short .
thus , during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as india .
if the government encourage the use of nuclear , solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity .
therefore , it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources .
secondly , the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming .
for example , the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming .
in the same way , the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro - kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution .
to conclude , it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy .
this can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming .
further , government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy .
true function of a university
universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise .
whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts : where more and more is known about less and less .
nevertheless , among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job - seeking and other aspects in everyday life .
however , although i respect the universities ' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause , i do not believe it is the main or best function of a university .
a university , in common sense , is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge .
what is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for , not the employers , as students are the ones here to seek knowledge .
high school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons : a degree that ' s more widely accepted , gain knowledge and insight into an industry , or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field .
on the other hand , universities are regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather .
it is , therefore , not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university , but instead , these must be made available when needed .
so the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information , rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers ' taste .
in conclusion , the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources .
it would be helpful , however , if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures .
zoos should be built to protect rural animals
preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate , with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals , while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos .
from my perspective , animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos .
to begin with , it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings .
given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals , it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in .
apparently , the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss .
moreover , if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period , it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures .
as a result , the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression .
it seems that zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives .
nevertheless , supporters would argue that zoos , which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals , would provide better care for the animals inside .
they further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting .
however , i would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat .
it seems that the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide .
by way of conclusion , it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression .
distance - learning vs . attending school in person
a matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance - learning should be promoted as much as possible , or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees .
from my perspective , online - teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions .
to begin with , distance - learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world .
in earlier times , students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby , regardless of any differences in teaching facilities , teacher ' s qualifications or the school reputation .
now , however , students are able to apply for online - courses provided by top - of - the - range universities and colleges worldwide .
furthermore , the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students .
consequently , educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher - student ratios .
thanks to the economical online - teaching , universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains .
nevertheless , opponents of online - degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates .
they further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life .
it is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive .
by way of conclusion , it is my belief that distance - learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases .
however , discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished .
international tourism is now more common than ever before
the last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists traveling to visit natural wonder sights , ancient heritages and different cultures around the world .
while some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries , i would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations .
firstly , international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country ’ s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists .
take cambodia for example , a large number of visitors coming to visit the angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants , hotels , souvenir shops and other stores .
these demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard .
therefore tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country .
secondly , through tourism industry , many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected .
for instance , in vietnam , many cultural costumes and natural scenes , namely ‘ trong dong ’ drum performance and ‘ ha long ’ bay , are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry .
without this support and profit from tourism , many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works .
thus , tourism has survived many non - tangible cultural values and beauty scenes .
to conclude , as far as i am concerned , international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries .
in addition , the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments .
do modern communication technologies benefit all people
modern communication technologies such as mobile phones , e - mails and internet chat programs like the msn messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years .
yet , there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative .
although there are valid arguments to the contrary , it is my belief that the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication .
to begin with , mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business .
with the click of a button , the vast amount of information can be transmitted from america to china in just a few seconds .
furthermore , it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world .
with a mobile phone or a laptop , a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop , in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine .
therefore , it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind .
nevertheless , opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits .
they further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money .
anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services .
consequently , people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies .
by way of conclusion , i believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases ; however , the have - nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn ' t afford it .
should high school make music lessons compulsory
most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject , while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional .
in this essay i will give my opinion for both sides .
it is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology .
therefore , many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music .
i have an impression that students , who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time .
in this case , music can be a useful and interesting solution .
moreover , if musical activity involves many participants , there will be co - operation and developed team work in the group , which is , of course , beneficial in their future life .
in fact , students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music .
consequently , the calm atmosphere in the class might be created .
by contrast , it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students .
in our hectic life , however , demand is not for musically orientated students , but for academically developed employees .
hence , i agree with the majority , because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it .
increasingly however , students can not obtain supposed impacts , unless they get interested in it more seriously .
therefore , music and other entertaining subjects should be optional .
nowadays , time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace .
to my mind , students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation - related subjects , rather than playing on guitar or singing a song .
in conclusion , i think that in order to be a competitive worker , students must know their field in an advanced level .
on the other hand , music can help an individual to shape its character .
an integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory .
universities should give money to sport activities or libraries
libraries and sports activities play important roles in universities success .
most university rankings pay attention to quality of these two activities .
in my opinion universities should invest in libraries more than anywhere else .
first , i think a library is vital and strategical part of a university .
all professors and students need to have a modern and well - equipped library because , after internet , library plays an important role in research .
although sport is important , it does not have the same priority of library has .
in addition only small part of students attend sport activities .
for example , in my university number of students who use the library is much more than students do sports activities .
second , usually libraries do not have income .
most libraries are free not for students also for public .
hence , universities support is vital for libraries .
but sport activities have a good income because every sport has different matches and for each match they have a lot sponsors .
also , they have this chance to sell their important matches tickets .
to conclude , there are good ways for sports activities to compensate their expenses , but it is very hard for libraries to find a good way for have an income .
last but not least , investing in libraries has a long - time result .
for example , a library can buy a lot of new books or they can buy more computers .
most of the library facilities are stable and you can use them for a long time .
besides , in the far future , they become more valuable .
on the other side , most sports facilities except buildings are usually can be used in short - time and they are not persistent for a long - time .
in spite of the importance of sports activities , libraries are more important .
they are critical part of universities and a good university has to have a modern library .
should teenagers learn all school subjects / focus on one subject
presently , it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school .
public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject .
some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children .
while , others claim that studying only one subject is more effective .
before rendering my own opinion , i will explore sides of this topic .
the benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized .
in the first place , with some basic knowledge of diverse fields , students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future .
teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate .
in students ' point of view , the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes .
however , still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum , instead , they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done .
besides , most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs .
those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness .
this is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects .
however , the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected .
most importantly , under such target - oriented education environment , teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study .
moreover , the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study .
it is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students ' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents , while its shortfalls are so vital to students ' future .
therefore , i do support the view of learning all school subjects .
influence of english - advantages outweigh the disadvantages
in the present age , it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of english .
some people claim it ' s a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits .
personally , i agree with the former opinion .
no one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that english is being accepted universally .
to begin with , communication between countries and cultures become convenient .
in my country , english is a required course from elementary school .
thus , studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters .
for them , language obstacle is no longer a problem , which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country .
this , in turn , enhances relationship and promotes international business .
furthermore , researchers , especially those who work on high - tech , would have wider range of references if they are good at english .
taking it industry for an example , top technical science is published in english .
it ' s neither to get a translated version of these articles , nor to always have a translator besides .
as a result , they have no choice but choosing english as a second language .
admittedly , opponents may blame that english is making lesser - known languages disappear ever year .
hence , the culture heritage and nation identity vanish .
however , this is really short - sighted , ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society .
in conclusion , in spite of some negative effects , i ' m totally convinced that the prevalent usage of english brings benefits to people and countries all around .
i suggest all youths should learn english owing to its key role in globalization .
but at the same time , actions , like recording , can be taken to protect native languages and cultures .
creativity - should it be given freedom or restrictions
creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious .
many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds .
creativity originates in a free mind .
hence , creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions .
time and again , creative artists like michaelangelo , picasso , salman rushdie , shakespeare etc . have made artistic works which gave a social message .
right from sculptures to paintings , books to drama and movies , all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras .
creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message .
nonetheless , innovative works makes people realize things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience .
it helps to raise issues and criticize the wrong doings of the governments .
for instance , bangladeshi writer taslima nasrin was accused of acting against the government , just because she raised a social issue .
this type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds .
in addition , creativity also gives aesthetic charm .
unfortunately , many governments restrict the artists .
frank zappa once said , " mind is like a parachute , it doesn ' t work if its not open “ .
restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains .
like the media , artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely .
however , artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people .
many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people .
artists should have self - awareness not to create vulgar , hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose .
i firmly believe that artists should be given the freedom of expression .
mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries .
imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws .
competition or co - operation - which is better
the modern society is full of cut - throat competition .
some people think that inculcating co - operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed .
however , co - operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle .
co - operation is essential for teamwork .
educational systems emphasize on encouraging co - operative approach in children .
we live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success .
a person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself .
for instance , lions hunt in a team .
it is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy .
in the same way , co - operative approach will save time , energy and will have a higher success rate .
nevertheless , co - operation helps to understand other ' s perspective and learn by their mistakes .
it helps to identify one ' s strengths and weaknesses as compared to others .
a co - operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people ' s achievements .
however , competition is also as important as co - operation .
unfortunately , the meaning of competiton has been modified in a wrong direction .
an individual must compete with oneself only , instead of trying to beat others .
competition has helped the development of science and technology .
competition helps in improvement and evolution .
for example , every other day , new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others .
this kind of competition gives customers more options .
however , blind and selfish competition is detrimental .
' your loss , my gain ' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run .
competition should be always based on self - improvement rule .
a healthy competition which involves raising one ' s own level above others is the best approach .
thus , competition and co - operation go hand in hand .
these are two sides of the same coin which can ' t be separated .
i firmly believe that children should be taught co - operation complimented with a healthy competition .
they must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition .
when co - operation and healthy competition is followed together , success , achievements , recognition and any goal becomes easier .
capital punishment - necessary or not
crime is always punishable .
retribution is the method for countering criminals .
some countries have stringent rules , like capital punishment , while other have a lot of flexibility in the judicial system .
however , strict laws , like capital punishment , are essential in a society .
capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare " cases .
its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings .
when a criminal becomes a threat to the society , such that they can commit heinous crimes , then they are given capital punishment .
thus , capital punishment protects the society from hardcore criminals .
moreover , capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes .
when a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment , they will fear and not commit such crimes .
thus , the rate of crime and violence is effectively decreased .
importantly , capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals .
criminals who don ' t have any chance of improvement or who have a past record of such crimes are , therefore , given capital punishment .
however , the jury giving the verdict are also humans .
they have the life of a person at their discretion .
they can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent , circumstantially marred criminals .
the jury must therefore , take into account the circumstances of committing a crime .
for example , if an individual murders someone for self - defense , then such a crime is not heinous .
only deserving criminals , who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment .
capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society .
i firmly believe that psychopaths , terrorists or any other criminal who lacks empathy for other human lives deserve capital punishment .
capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner .
however , it should be considered as the last option by the jury and all circumstances must be taken into account before pronouncing the final verdict .
is a break good or bad after high school for students
studies are an essential part of life .
some countries permit students to take a break from studies between high school and university studies , while in some countries , it is considered as waste of time .
however , a break of one year is good for young people after finishing their high school .
in most education systems , a child studies continuously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age .
a relaxation of one year to young minds will give them a quintessential change .
a continuous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot , to follow instructions .
personally , a break will give students some time to refresh their systems , by traveling or following their hobbies .
importantly , when students start their university studies after a break , they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge .
nevertheless , during high school , many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in .
working or traveling for some time , after high school , can help them to find their field of interest .
it will also help them to learn professional setup by working .
financially , students can save a little money to support their university education by doing a job .
some students even utilize this time for preparation of their desired university course .
however , there are also disadvantages .
a break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental .
when students work during these breaks , the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia .
for instance , my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted .
when he started his university studies , he failed miserably .
students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time .
but , the break should be an optional thing .
it varies from individual to individual , how they utilize that period .
a break gives students more benefits than harms .
importantly , the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them .
thus , a break should be necessarily allowed to young minds between their high school and university studies .
countries , like india , where such a break is considered a blot , should understand that young minds are delicate and they face a cut - throat competition .
one year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life .
should universities accept equal number of males / females or not
education is important for the development of the world .
its a debatable issue whether universities should accept equal number of males and females in a course or not .
however , since both genders are equally important , both must be given equal opportunities .
universities must admit both in equal numbers , depending on their choices .
right to education is a basic human right of both , males and females .
the whole world aims for women empowerment , and to achieve this , females should be given equal opportunities as males .
when universities will accept them in equal number , both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop .
co - education helps both genders to gel well with each other .
it helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together .
for example , students studying in boy ' s colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them .
on the other hand , females studying in girl ' s colleges are too shy to face boys .
co - education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both .
universities giving both genders equal opportunities , will prepare them for future challenges and will help in the long run .
unfortunately , some male chauvinists think that women are incapable in particular fields , like maths , mechanical engineering , defense etc .
this kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society .
time and again , women have proved their mettle in every field .
women like margaret thatcher , indira gandhi , mari curie etc ., are symbols of women ' s intelligence and skills .
thus , i firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers .
equality in education will help in development of the society .
both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior .
choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit , irrespective of the gender .
educational rights must be given to both genders .
will newspapers become a thing of the past ?
the internet has been more and more popular for recent years , providing people with a huge source of information .
as a result of this , print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers .
some people , however , still believe that they can exist for long time ; others disagree , arguing that newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence .
personally , i am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons .
first of all , to obtain information , using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers .
contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper , nowadays , they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet , everywhere and at anytime .
as can be seen , these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world , making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages .
hence , the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information .
another point is that , from the economic aspect , buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one .
it is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries .
the question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same , even usually less information than those he can have with the internet ?
the answer , perhaps , is that hardly would rational people do so .
for this reason , the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply , possibly leading to the close - downs of many in the coming time .
last , but not least , when taking environment into consideration , people must conceive that the more newspapers are published , the more trees are cut down .
this is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today .
at this point , newspapers ' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive .
in conclusion , it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media .
however , this , if occurring , should be seen as a result of the ever - increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole .
people will spend less time on cooking food
perhaps , no issue in this world is as significant to people as cooking food , because it affects everybody in their daily lives .
some people hold the opinion that people should spend much time on food .
however , i do think that people are likely to spend less time in cooking food .
there are various reasons why i maintain this viewpoint , and among those reasons are two important ones .
the first and foremost reason is that with the development of science and technology , more advanced kitchen facilities , such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers , have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time .
as a result , people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two , even three hours like in the last 10 years .
actually , in recent years , there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valuable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework .
and this figure still continuously go up along with the improvement of science and technology .
thus , it is certain that spending less time on cooking will be the main trend in near future .
another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves .
according to a recent survey , 89 % of people have come to think that , since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures , they have to use a lot of time to work hard , to update themselves , to acquire all kinds of skills and so on .
thus , they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal .
even they have some spare time , they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study .
some people may argue that investing much time in cooking food will guarantee nutrition as well as quality of food for their family .
to some extent , it is true .
however , as a matter of fact , using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality .
even , with the help of ozone machines , bacterias , mold spores , or pesticide in vegetables , fruits and foods will be killed and removed , thus health and life of eaters is assured .
besides , along with the high living standard , requirements of quality products in almost restaurants , nowadays , are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities .
consequently , it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality , but do not waste a lot of time .
to sum up , if all those factors are contemplated , it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint .
so , from what have been discussed above , i strongly affirm the conclusion that people will spend less time in cooking food .
traditional games or modern games in developing children ' s skills
games have played a key role in children ' s growth , especially in terms of their abilities .
with technological advances , children have more access to modern games currently .
in such case , the relative importance of traditional games and modern games in children ' s developments of skills has become a frequent topic of discussion .
for me , i believe parents and educators should attach more importance to traditional games .
it is true that modern games may be , to some extent , beneficial for children to foster some skills , such as computer skills or the capacity to keep up with the latest trend .
this is because children have to be proficient at computers and the internet if they want to join online games , which , in fact , helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future .
at the same time , children have the chance to experience the state - of - the - art technology , raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative .
however , i think traditional games are still indispensible in children ' s learning process , even much more essential than modern games , especially in modern society .
one primary merit of traditional games is that they foster children ' s communication skills .
unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines , traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat , laugh and cooperate face to face .
as a result , communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more .
furthermore , it is the educational functions traditional games hold that keep them alive today .
in fact , these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children ' s skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices .
by contrast , modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits .
therefore , there is a risk that children may be exposed to unhealthy contents , such as violence or pornography , arranged in the games by such companies to secure financial survival .
thus , i would conclude that traditional games should be , by no means , ignored by parents and teachers with the advent of modern games .
only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process .
government shouldn ' t put money on building theaters or sports stadiums
how to allocate governmental budget efficiently has always been a hot topic of discussion among the public .
recently , some people argue that government should invest more on medical care and education rather than on entertaining or sports facilities .
as far as i am concerned , this proposal is beneficial more to the society .
taking care of thousands of citizens who suffer from disease or illiteracy is more urgent and pragmatic than building theaters or sports stadiums .
as a matter of fact , an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals , whereas a physical damaged person , resulting from the lack of medical treatment , may no longer participate in any sports games .
therefore , providing education and medical care is more essential and prioritized to the government .
entertaining facilities such as cinemas , theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit - oriented .
their existences are based on their marketing strategies , the condition of facilities and the volume of audience .
the competition among each of these facilities is an inevitable part of the free market , which should not be interfered by government .
instead , the establishment of medical facilities or educational institutes is aimed to improve the health or education standard rather than earning profits , which deserves more funds from government .
furthermore , putting taxpayers ' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them .
for example , not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot .
therefore , it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens ' tax funds to meet a minority of people ' s needs .
that is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support , because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis .
to summarize , i strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities , because the former is more essential , non - profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens .
technology keeps traditional skills and ways of life alive or not ?
living in the 21st century , people are firmly convinced that technology is the main driving force behind productivity .
thus , every country has been promoting technological advances in the recent years , regardless of any potential problems it may bring about .
some people are worried modern technological technology is probably a hurdle to the preservation of traditional techniques and lifestyles .
however , i believe their concern is groundless .
instead , technology plays a key role in promoting traditional techniques and lifestyles .
in terms of time and space , technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life .
in the past , only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles .
this means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills .
however , with the access to the internet , one of the greatest innovations in modern society , humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime , anywhere .
additionally , technology enriches the way of displaying traditional cultural heritage , making it more vivid and appealing .
for example , china has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the shanghai world expo , using a variety of state - of - the - art technological methods , such as robots and led screens .
in fact , many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture .
on the other hand , some people are concerned that technology may have a detrimental effect on the traditional lifestyles .
they argue that people , especially youngsters , are crazier about fresh and advanced things , such as digital products , thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques .
but i believe this is not the issue because people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years .
therefore , i will conclude that technology indeed supports the preservation and promotion of traditional techniques and lifestyles .
only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run .
creative artists
innovative artists bring enjoyment and inspiration to our sometimes tedious life ; however , some people deem that artists have been entrusted with too much freedom and power and should be restricted by the government .
it is my personal belief that freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas should always be eulogized and it ' s rather iniquitous to impose a shackle on artists ' will to create .
one of the major concerns against freeing artists ' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society ; however , i believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work .
it is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination , exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated ; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not , it is the public ' s authority to determine how to interpret its meaning .
if the art displays unreality , the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value ; if the art reflects the reality , then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth ?
would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth ?
in a word , the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified .
let ' s then take a look at the impact that art has posed on individuals .
it is undeniable that some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity , violence , eroticism etc .
i absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents ; however , in the case of adults being the audience , there ' s really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain - washed only because of some pieces of creative art .
by way of conclusion , i do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work ; on the contrary , they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful .
nowadays there are more opportunities for women than there were in the past
the modern times have witnessed profound changes in most aspects of life , including the revolution of feminism .
women have been opened up to more chances than ever .
this , contrary to some ideas , is a positive progress in human society from my point of view .
to start with , the fairness between males and females is inevitable in such a developed society .
gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children .
women nowadays are much more active , they may be successful businessmen , they join the political world , they become scientists and so on .
this is to say , the " weaker " gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men , not to mention they even perform better in some fields .
in the second place , the revolution in females ' right has brought about many benefits not only to themselves but society as well .
the financial burden of families , for instance , has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money .
what is more , women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers like healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration .
admittedly , such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or , under many circumstances , women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives .
also , children might enjoy less care from parents as they are both busy with their work .
yet everything has it upside and downside , women should find the best way to overcome such challenges .
all things considered , in a society where females are given equal opportunities compared with males would obviously enjoy lots of benefits far outweighing its obstacles .
growing traffic and pollution can be controlled by increasing petrol prices
as we read newspapers or watch tv , we have always been attracted by environmental problems such as traffic issues , air and water pollution questions .
initiatives should be taken to address the specific problems .
as the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far - reaching , it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems , though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society .
specifically , price control institution has been used in plenty of social areas , for example , in the farming products and in the real estate area ; however , whether it can work out for alleviating traffic and pollution pressure ought to be evaluated .
on one hand , governments have a macro - economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands .
consequently , it seems not easy to increase petrol price instantly .
on the other hand , pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil , chemical pollutants , extra lights , also constitute considerable amount of pollution .
in addition , the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed - up of working pace , resulting in traffic jams during rush - hours .
as illustrated before , several other solutions can be introduced to assist in reducing pollution and traffic problems .
primarily , authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities , such as constructing more bus lines , in order to reducing the usage of private cars .
furthermore , temporarily targets should be set , with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time , for example , a season .
plus with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems .
meanwhile , cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out , though it might not be into effect immediately , but in the long run , it would be a wise choice .
in conclusion , addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price is not adequate , while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable , plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised .
is image more powerful than the written word ?
" a picture is worth a thousand words " is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time .
this strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages , ideas , or opinions to people .
nevertheless , the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used .
hence , i agree only to certain degree that in today ' s world , image serves as a more effective means of communication .
firstly , pictures can influence the way people think .
for example , nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking .
as a result , statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers , indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit .
not only that , the magnificent photograph captured by kevin carter , which portrayed a starving sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in sudan .
apart from that , images are also widely used in newspapers , magazines and advertisements .
thus , it is undeniable that images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many .
looking from another perspective , written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages .
with only pictures , everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images .
nonetheless , this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about .
furthermore , the primary way of educating students is also by this way .
academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better .
to conclude , both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect , either images or words .
hence , for a more meaningful communication , these two elements have their respective roles to play : image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject .
several languages are in danger of extinction
it is certainly true that some languages are disappearing day by day over the world .
some people , therefore , harbour a view saying that governments should preserve those by spending some budgets on them .
but the others do not believe it is possible .
in my opinion , this viewpoint needs to be examined thoroughly and this essay will discuss this issue .
first and foremost , it is easy to realize that languages , especially oral language , are a quite major part of culture of a country .
it helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country .
the clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional , customs and habitants do not exist .
governments should spend money on keeping and preserving these things for the rich diversity of cultures which make our world more interesting .
what is more , it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more .
on the other hand , there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages .
although governments invest money on doing that , it is hard to gain the good results .
as evidence of this , there are a few people , particularly the youngsters , do not pay attention on collecting and studying those .
these kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular .
in addition , the preservations need a long time to gather , restore all information as well as train in the educational centre .
if they do not try their best , their protection can be halted and waste of money .
in a nutshell , i am convinced that all languages should be preserved and developed as much as possible .
all people should give a hand to do this better and governments play a vital role on encouraging and distributing those .
do arts and music improve the quality of life ?
my view is that the government should give priorities to invest more money on the basic social welfares such as education and housing instead of subsidizing arts relative programs .
art is not the key determination of quality of life , but education is .
in order to make people better off , it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens .
this is simply because knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people ' s lives for a well - rounded social system .
admittedly , art , to some extent , serve a valuable function about enriching one ' s daily lives , for example , it could bring release one ' s heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work .
however , it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries , in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room .
by comparison to these issues , the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all .
to conclude , art could play an active role in improving the quality of people ' s lives , but i think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life .
government budget focus , young children or university ? "
education is the investment in our future ", as senator bernie sanders once pointed out , education , which fosters a civilized society , plays a significant role in a country ' s long - lasting prosperity .
it is no wonder that governments throughout the world lay special emphasis on education development .
as for the two integral components within the system , elementary and advanced education , there ' s no doubt that a government is supposed to offer sufficient financial support for both .
concerning that elementary education , like the base of a architecture , is the fundamental requirement to be a qualified citizen in today ' s society , government should guarantee that all people have equal and convenient access to it .
so a lack of well - established primary education goes hand in hand with a high rate of illiteracy , and this interplay seriously compromises a country ' s future development .
in other words , if countries , especially the developing countries , are determined to take off , one of the key points governments should set on agenda is to educate more qualified future citizens through elementary education .
that ' s not enough , for higher education , which represent the cutting edge of a country ' s academic achievements , act as the vanguard in economic and social advance .
the high technology and new ideas applied into practice may not only lead a country to flourish but also elevate its status in the international community .
some may argue that universities can support themselve well by donation or invention , but this argument is invalid .
researches into humanities and art still need large amount of money , what ' s more , government ' s big budget on universities may attract more excellent intellectuals and researchers into the country and enjoy a higher reputation worldwide .
from reasons listed above , we can safely draw the conclusion that , a government should spare effort on young children education as well as universities , both are crucial on the way to a brighter future .
government should be responsible for education and health care or not ?
despite the development of modern society , the health care and education still remain the basic rights of citizens .
and a much debated issue these days is whether or not the government should be responsible for citizens ' health care and education .
some people argue that it is the government that should be obligated to fund the health care and education for citizens .
this is because citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment , which should be enabled by the government , the leader of the society .
if citizens had no access to health care and education , their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk .
as a result , such people might fail to get cured in time , thus influencing their working efficiency , which would destabilize the production of the industry .
also , without sufficient guidance of teachers , these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes , posing a threat to other citizens ' security .
therefore , the government should be accountable for citizens ' health care and education to keep society safe and stable .
on the other hand , some people oppose the argument , saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society , since a great number of people , in fact , have had the capacity to pay for the both privately .
instead , the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members ' wellbeing , such as soaring crime rate , aids epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure , which are requiring financial resources from the government to address .
personally , i think the government should fund the deprived for their health care and education , who are the group in real need for the authority ' s help .
at the same time , citizens available for the both should encourage the government to allocate money to more urgent areas .
after all , the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens .
economic development vs environment
currently , a great number of countries have pushed forward their economies by developing national industries .
however , some people are worried that the economic targets in industrialized countries may be attained at the expense of the ecosystems .
from my perspective , i think flourishing economies can go hand in hand with environmental preservation .
admittedly , some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection , thus ruining the local environments .
as these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources , advanced technologies and experience , they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards .
besides , people in the poverty - stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems .
as a result , unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen , which can put a strain on the natural resources .
in this view , the economic development and environmental protection can be conflicting .
however , i believe the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment .
with people raising their awareness of the green economy , the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients , which means eco - friendly businesses can make a favorable impression on customers today , triggering sales .
for example , electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years .
furthermore , taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies .
if a firm is environmentally conscious , it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment , which can boost productivity .
therefore , it may spur its economic development .
on the other hand , without the requirement of environmental preservation , the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs , being a hurdle to the economic development .
therefore , i would conclude that thriving economies and the preservation of ecosystems can be promoted simultaneously .
on the other hand , i suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources , technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas .
government should spend money on arts , not only on public services
as people have raised their democratic awareness in recent years , they are caring more about how the tax expenditure is distributed by the government .
as a result , some people suggest that the tax money should be allocated to publically beneficial services instead of arts .
however , from my perspective , i think arts are supposed to be included in the government ' s investment as well .
admittedly , the government should give priority to public services and facilities .
this is because the government plays the role of a leader among citizens , which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable .
simultaneously , public services such as education system or medical care can meet people ' s basic demand of survival , security and knowledge , thus making them feel comfortable , which can lower the crime rate .
therefore , public services and facilities should be given adequate attention by the authorities to maintain social stability .
on the other hand , i believe arts should by no means been disregarded by the government .
individually , arts can enrich people ' s cultural lives .
currently , people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition .
consequently , they require various entertainment such as music , movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure .
without arts , people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems .
from the point of the local community , funding arts is beneficial to the local cultural and economic development .
cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts .
this means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage , which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry .
in this view , arts serve cultural and economic purposes .
with those arguments in mind , i would conclude that public services and facilities are an integral part of the government expenditure .
at the same time , the authorities should also respect the value of arts which are individually and socially advantageous .
artists ' freedom to express ideas
artists in most countries are given the freedom to express their thoughts in whatever they do .
nevertheless , some argue that there should be government restrictions in order to limit their opinions .
i however , agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece .
first and foremost , if there is control over artists ' ideas , they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run .
it is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves , most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular arts such as paintings or movies .
for example , paintings by da vinci and michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times .
in short , without any limitations , there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists .
furthermore , it is every human ' s right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation .
today , many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries .
arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country .
to illustrate this further , the famous movie ' 3 idiots ' acted by amir khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn .
thus , human rights is violated if artists are not allowed to express their feelings freely .
looking from another perspective , there are certain drawbacks if artists are not restricted .
they might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country .
to cite an example , malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace .
in case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races , this might end up in some chaos among the society .
nonetheless , i believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts .
to conclude , it is now evident that there should not be any restrictions on artists ' work .
allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations .
hence , even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects , i certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus , i strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them .
the nuclear power provide clean and cheap energy
the topic of nuclear technology frequently generates a heated debate with proponents maintaining that nuclear power provides a source of efficient and economical energy while opponents argue that atomic technology is uncontrollable and very dangerous to handle .
as far as my opinion is concerned , i find myself aligned with opponents of the usages of nuclear power .
i have several reasons to believe its disadvantages outnumber the few advantages .
first and foremost reason is that pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons .
last century has witnessed the horrors of such weapons .
if each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for military usage .
another reason to fortify my opinion is that even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity .
for example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area .
this unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are inevitable .
last but not least , while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power .
safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanent solution of it .
this waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazardous material .
to sum it up , from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may appear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the advantages .
thus i suggest that use of nuclear technology should be discouraged even for civil purposes .
giving mobile phones to the unemployed
today , the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many .
some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the internet .
they also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money .
nevertheless , i agree to this solution only to a certain degree because i feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money .
in a positive point of view , when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the internet , they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities .
for example , they can surf the the star onlines ' work section to find a job that is suitable for them .
with the help of the net , they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job .
not only that , the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with .
in short , if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone , they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive .
nonetheless , looking from another perspective , supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers ' money .
this is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country .
to illustrate this further , the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living .
to conclude , the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed .
furthermore , when hand phones are provided for free , many would want to take advantage of this opportunity .
it will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone , they make themselves jobless .
some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones .
in this context , the public ' s money is spent worthlessly .
on top of that , till now , there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment .
to put it in a nutshell , the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment .
i suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them .
i strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work .
use of cctv cameras
today , close circuit television ( cctv ) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances .
they are used in schools , businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place .
it is undeniable that the use of cctv has plenty of benefits to offer , especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise .
nevertheless , some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored .
even so , i strongly believe that cctv cameras should be installed in every premise to combat the ever increasing theft rate and to protect the workers at the workplace .
firstly , by having cctv cameras at workplace , crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down .
this is because when a shop is attacked by thieves , the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced .
to illustrate this further , in malaysia , policemen used the videos captured by the cctv cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a seven eleven shop during the midnight .
not only that , as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance , they will less likely steal from the shops .
thus , it is clear that cctvs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized .
furthermore , at some offices , employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers .
at times , face - to - face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger .
hence , the installation of cctv cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded .
in the event of an argument , the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken .
in short , these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers .
looking from another perspective , the use of cctv cameras does cause controversy .
those opposing the cctv systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras .
however , one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences .
ergo , opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime .
to conclude , cctv cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise .
this is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers .
admittedly , privacies are lost with the use of these cameras .
nonetheless , safety should be put first in order to be safe .
some prefer to work for a company , some prefer to work for themselves
there are many kinds of jobs in society .
some of them are done by companies that related to government , and some of them are done by privat companies .
although both companies have their advantages and disadvantages , i would prefer to work for myself , and have my own business .
there are many benefits when people work for themselves rather than work for the others .
in the first place , there are a large number of opportunities in privat works that you cannot find them when you work for the others .
in your job you can be boss of yourself ; however , in the other jobs someone else are your boss .
you always have to be responsible for your task , and it make a stressful situation that i never like it .
what is more , when people work for themselves they make more profit for themselves , but in the other jobs you make profits for the other such as your manager .
unfortunately nowadays most of them pick up this profit without sharing a small sum of it with their workers , and from my point of view it is unfair .
finally , there are some authorities in privat jobs that workers are always looking for them while they are working for the others .
when you work for yourself you can punch in and punch out whenever you want .
sometimes some occasions happen to people for example a disease , sticking in a traffic jam and sometime going on a vacation .
for all of them we have to ask for a permission , and most of the time we are not allowed .
there is no doubt that working for the other have some advantages , too , but i imagine people that have their own business are more comfortable .
they have more opportunities , profits , and authorities .
the expression " never , never give up " means keep trying and never stop working
many individuals throughout their life face with at least one failure in different areas such as education , love and economy .
some believe when a person faces with a failure the best way is to forget that and releases that ; however , i completely disagree with this idea .
i always believe that a defeated person has to try and try until to achieve her or his goal .
first of all , when people face with a failure they can learn a large number of things from that failure , therefore in the next effort they try to avoid doing and repeating that mistakes .
for instance , most of inventors in the first phases of their job face with some problems and defeats , but in the next stages they learn how to deal with problems .
second of all , experience shows while people doing a job constantly , they become more experienced in that subject , so in the final effort they become successful with the high percentile .
for example , scientists experiment a substance for a long time , after they gain lots of experience and knowledge about that subject they decide to make it final .
to sum up , i would maintain that people should not give up when they face with a failure .
in opposite , they have to learn new points from that failure , and they become more experienced .
some people think that human needs for farmland , housing and industry are more
nowadays there are some issues which many countries and nations are concern about that .
two of the most important of them are rate of increasing population and endangered plants and animals .
from my point of view although endangered animals are important , human needs should be considered more .
firstly , day by day population is increasing , so human needs for food is increasing as well .
we need farmland to grow crops such as wheat and corn , and there is no doubt that without food people cannot alive for more than some weeks .
therefore , farmlands are vital for human life .
secondly , people need shelters to protect themselves from mother nature such as wind and flood and wild animals , so they need land to build their houses on it .
dwelling is one of the most important human needs after food which is undeniable .
finally , human need some crucial things to continue their life , and most of them are industrial such as medicine .
therefore , some lands should be assigned to industry .
todays life has some difficulty which become comfortable with the help of industry .
to conclude , the population of endangered animals are less than people ' s population , so they do not need so much land that people need .
i would maintain that nowadays humans need farmland , housing and industry because of increasing population are more important than saving land for endangered animals .
roommates quality and their importance
much has been said about the importance about good roommates and how roommates will affect our life in school .
research showed that friends that we made in university are more likely to be life time friends and this especially applicable to roommate .
in my personal opinion , the most important quality of roommates is being considered .
in the meantime , communication is also another essential particularity of a good roommate .
consideration is always important in relationship .
for example , roommate turns down the music or television volume at night time .
sometimes we will not know what we have done until we have a taste of our own medicine .
at all times , think about the other ' s feeling before doing any self - centered action would help to improve the roommate relationship tremendously .
therefore , having a considered roommate is significantly imperative to our school life .
it will not only prevent conflicts but also to have a friend or even a family member .
moreover , communication is as well making a good roommate .
people have different habit in daily life , such as tidy the blanket in the morning .
one might think this is a piece of cake while other would consider it as immense project .
if one requested to move out just because his roommate do not tidy up the blanket in the morning might be crying over split milk .
therefore , communication is very important as it would clear up the misinterpretation .
through communication , bonded are build and we could have better understanding of each others .
in conclusion , there are many valuable factors about roommate that are important .
consideration and communication , in my personal opinion , are the most important quality .
however , people might not get what they want all the time .
the sky is the limit ; there are all kinds of personality out there .
we need to be flexible to be account into society .
best way to judge about people is to be familiar with their personality - not with their look
individuals have two features , one of them is appearance and the other one is personality .
from my point of view although appearance is important , personality is the most important .
we can never judge about a person with his or her appearance .
some people believes , individuals who have black skin or are frown are not good person and in opposite individuals who have pale or white skin or always have smile on their face are good person .
i completely disagree with these kind of judgement which someone makes .
first of all , there are people who play a role and cheat the other individuals with their playing , therefore we have to be aware to never judge with their appearance .
for example , some people cheat their fiance before marriage by showing a cheerful face and well spoken ; however , after getting marriage they show their real personality .
second of all , there are some people who are black skin , fat and frown , nonetheless they might be a great person for leaving and colleague .
for instance , i have a neighbor who are old , black skin and frown and i had always panicked of her .
one day in a cold winter while i was getting back to home from school i realized that i lost my keys , so i could not do anything before my parents getting back home .
she asked me to stay with her till my parents come , also she was great in hospitality and her behavior was unforgettable .
after that i understood , i had to never judge with people ' s appearance .
all in all , the best way to judge about individuals ' is to be familiar with their personality not with their appearance .
unfortunately , many people play role to cheat the others , and they try to hide their real personality with their appearance .
should one follow fashion trends rather than a personal style ?
with increasing availability to the internet , people can collect a wealth of information about the latest fashion trends over the world , such as the most popular shoes style this season or the best - liked clothes color this year .
however , some people think that dressing in a personal style should be advocated rather than following fashion trends .
from my perspective , fashion trends have a more essential role to play in people ' s lives than personal dressing styles .
this is because following fashion trends enables people to keep up with the world ' s latest transformations , which is of vital importance if we consider the fact that people are living in a global village today .
when individuals keep the habit of grasping the world ' s cutting - edge fashion information , they are gradually changing their attitudes to viewing the world , which means they are more open to accept diverse voices from people around the world .
in contrast , if they stuck to their own fashion styles , disregarding the world ' s top fashion designers ' achievements , they would stay conservative in their own worlds .
as a result , they might fall behind shortly .
furthermore , people with inadequate aesthetic knowledge or poor originality develop their own senses of fashion when treasuring the latest fashion information .
without following fashion trends , such people would have a hard time choosing and matching clothes , let alone forming their own dressing styles .
despite this , it is undeniable that following fashion trends constantly may undermine individuals ' personalities .
individuals purchase their clothes according to the latest fashion trends , which may result in the phenomenon that people would wear the same style of clothes .
consequently , the world would look monotonous .
with those arguments in mind , i would conclude that people should , especially for ones lacking basic aesthetic knowledge , care more about fashion trends in lives as they can keep pace with the world ' s changes .
on the other hand , creative design talents can value their own dressing ideas , developing their own fashion styles as they like .
should wealthy nations support poor ones ?
whether wealthy nations should take responsibilities to help poorer ones , by means of providing infrastructures , or remain bystander of the global poverty , is an issue of controversy .
personally i think , as the privileged minority , wealthy nations have every reason to share their fortune with the poor .
in terms of ethics , it is inhumane to watch one ' s fellowman struggle against famine and poverty without doing anything to help , especially when the onlooker takes no effort to do so .
compassion , a virtue preached in almost all religions from buddhism to mohammedanism , is what distinguishes us human beings from animals .
economically speaking , such aid could also create a win - win situation .
underdeveloped nations no doubt receive direct benefits through such deeds .
for developed nations , new medical problems may very well arise from the work in underdeveloped nations ; thus related research is conducted accordingly to conquer the problem , promoting the development of the pharmaceutical industry .
the potential market in those poor countries , most of which has a huge population , is also a thing worth mentioning .
by building a good relationship with them , wealthy nations can not only broaden their global market , but also facilitate future international commerce .
the underdeveloped nations , in return , may export local agricultural products , mineral products with discount to the former , boosting each other ' s economy .
in summary , wealthy nations ' offering in need is not only a moral deed , but also a worthwhile one which will one day pay off in other ways .
only those who sympathize with their fellowman can prosper in the long run .
prevention is better than cure
it is a completely right and extremely wise policy to focus on health education and preventative measures rather than treatment .
once applied , it will bring many benefits to both citizens and governments .
health education causes long - term positive effects on our next generations .
first of all , thank to a full health education from their childhoods , children will have good habits of taking care of their own health and these habits may be kept in their adolescences .
for example , if a child is educated to have a hygienic lifestyle at a very young age , he also keeps it when older .
secondly , health education will prepare for people especially children necessary knowledge to protect themselves from risks of diseases .
instead of afraid or panic , they may be calmer if unfortunately committing some normal diseases such as allergy or illness in seasonal changes .
many diseases which may be cured easily can turn to serious ones if we do not have right treatment .
health education will help people to have right choices of treatment to recover more quickly .
preventative measures will help improve general health state of all citizens .
for example , vaccines will guarantee that pregnant women and their babies are protected from serious infectious diseases such as flu , smallpox , rubella so on .
when huge injection campaigns are organized throughout our country , the community ' s health state will be improved remarkably .
as human resources play a key role in the development of a country , investing money to enhance the general health state is a totally right decision .
in addition , because the cost of treatment is often much higher than that of prevention , the government can save a lot of money for our country ' s health budget .
in conclusion , i strongly agree that we should give more priority to health education and preventative measures than to treatment .
however , reasonable attentions should be paid to treatment so that our citizens are always looked after with best services .
the popularity of news media
nowadays news media have become more and more popular .
many people consider that the drawbacks of this phenomenon outweigh its merits .
however , it is possible that this idea is not completely true .
it is widely seen that news media not only brings people entertainment , but also polishes up people ' knowledge .
therefore , it seems not unreasonable to suggest that this is a positive development .
first and foremost , today entertainment is easier for people to enjoy than ever before .
the fact is that such news media as televisions , radios , or newspapers are bringing many news on entertainment sector from all over the world to everybody .
people can sit in front of their televisions and watch whatever they want , from musical concerts to live football match .
this is a convenient way of relaxation after hard work .
obviously , the popularity of news media is beneficial to human beings .
in addition to this , news media help people broaden their knowledge .
it is clearly seen that mass media provide people with a variety of global news on all fields , including political situation , economic change , global warming , and so forth .
hence , there is a strong likelihood that today people are able to know the world better .
this is particularly essential when the globalization process has been permeating into all areas of society .
indeed , the fast growth of news media is helpful for people worldwide .
in conclusion , the development of news media has been making great inroads into the lives of all people .
it relaxes people with plentiful entertainment news .
it enriches people ' s knowledge with worldwide information .
it also positively affects the way people live in many other aspects .
therefore , the progress of news media is an advantageous development .
jury must have access to criminals ' past records
it is a well known fact that a jury involved in a case has no information regarding the criminal ' s past illegal acts under the british and australian laws .
there are few of those who are concerned think the current practice should be altered and that the juries should at least know something about the criminals before coming to a conclusion .
i , for one , agree to this resolution whole - heartedly as it poses advantages to various parties as i shall discuss below .
first and foremost , i believe that it would be easier for the juries to make a decision if they know about the past information about the criminal .
this is because , knowing their background very well will enable the juries to analyze the crime before coming up with a judgment .
for instance , take a person who has not murdered anyone but is suddenly found to be guilty .
the juries will be able to know weather the individual committed the crime intentionally or due to circumstances by knowing the facts about the person .
then , punishment can be given in accordance to the condition .
apart from that , a fair trial can be achieved .
as all of us know , juries are a group of people who have no or less knowledge regarding law .
thus , exposing them to the past records of the criminal can give them more room to think rationally and finally put the pieces together in order to produce a more meaningful decision .
by doing so , the juries will have a sense of relief that they have come up with better conclusion based on plenty of evidences .
not only that , the convicted will also receive a fair action .
it is undeniable that when the background of the convicted is ' dug ' deeper and is revealed to mass of anonymous people , his privacy is being jeopardized .
if finally he is proven innocent , he may feel embarrassed to face the public .
however , i am sure that the crimes done by criminals should be brought to light and the public should be aware of it so that they will not become a victim as well .
to conclude , i definitely feel that the current way of the juries judging the case should be transformed and they should know the facts about the criminals they are dealing with .
this is of paramount importance so that they will be able to give a better and reliable as well as a fair judgment to the convicted .
beneficial changes will certainly take place if changes are made because for a change to happen , changes have to be done .
taking a break before starting higher education is a good idea
nowadays , it is an increasingly common trend to take a break before starting university studies .
it is not just becoming common among rich students but also in the poor students .
students take a break of year or two , some students travel all around the world during this time , and some choose to take up a job .
experience gained through traveling to different places , meeting different people and even at job goes long way .
it not only enhances the confidence of a student but also makes them independent .
student ' s who works tend to gather better financial resources which they can rely on during their university studies .
this experience also makes them aware of what they would like to make of their life .
they develop broader view and can make a better choice of their future studies or courses .
taking a break not just has benefits but it also comes with some negative impacts .
once student ' s starts earning , they might not like to go back to studies where they would lose their financial independence .
they might even find it difficult to adapt to education environment .
there is also a risk of student never going back to university or higher education .
probably some might take some short term courses instead of proper and complete university education , which will help them to get a better job and salaries .
this might only help them in a short run as it is a known fact that to make a reasonable career in longer runs , one needs a proper and higher qualification .
in my view point , i would agree to idea of taking a break before starting higher education .
students who take break , gain lot of benefits by traveling around the places or by working .
they tend to contribute more due to their real world experiences which makes them more mature .
university education is needed for success
in today ' s modern and competitive society , it is undeniable that we must equip ourselves with plenty of knowledge and skills in order to shine and to be successful in life .
many opine that the aforementioned aspects are mostly obtained through learning in academic institutions .
i do agree to that opinion to a certain degree .
nevertheless , i feel that one can also shine without even having to attend universities .
first and foremost , it is certainly true that university education is of paramount importance for certain professions such as doctor , engineer and lawyer .
without proper training and knowledge , it would be impossible for them to perform their best in their careers .
not only that , when they are in a university , they will have the opportunity to share their knowledge as well as to network for business associates and partners .
this can benefit them in future when they intend to open up their own companies or hospitals .
looking from another perspective , there are also a significant number of people who are very successful in their fields without going to university .
take for instance those who start their own business .
these people depend solely on hard work and luck .
interestingly , for some of them it proved to be a profitable job .
to cite an example , michael dell who is the founder and the ceo of dell left college at 19 .
initially , he started his computer company in his college dorm room .
eventually , he used his earnings as well as his family ' s loan in order to progress to be who he is now .
in addition , people with natural talents are also most likely to excel in their life .
this is especially true in sectors like entertainment and sports .
the introduction of increasing number of reality shows have made it possible for all those lucky ones to triumph .
to illustrate this further , david archuleta who was once a nobody has now taken up a large space in hearts of many .
hence , it is evident that individuals born with talents have also a high chance to be successful .
to wrap it all up , it is indeed true that university education is pivotal in a person ' s life in order for one to prosper .
however , it would be wrong to say that one ' s success completely depends on the education he or she receives at the institutions .
natural talent and hard work also contribute to their progress .
should people be forced to stop working ?
the appropriate age at which a person should stop working is now a much debated issue in the society .
some opine that people should be given the option to choose when they want to call it a day while others oppose this notion .
in my personal point of view , the right age for a person to retire should be around 60 years old .
i , for one , strongly agree that age should be set as a criterion for people to retire at the aforementioned age due to several reasons that i shall discuss below .
first and foremost , if senior workers dominate the working sector , there will be lesser job opportunities for the fresh graduates .
as a result , most of them will be forced to take up careers which are poles apart from what they had studied for .
to illustrate this further , a medical graduate might find it very disheartened when he had to spend around five precious years studying medicine and at the end of the day , he will have to take up another profession rather than doctor due to the insufficient job opportunities available .
on top of that , due to the lack of genuine passion on the work which was not of their option , there is a greater possibility for their performance standard to dwindle at their workplace .
apart from that , not all elderly workers are physically well .
beyond that age , a large proportion of them have an elevated chance of contracting a multitude of health problems such as stress related diseases and cardiovascular illnesses .
to cite an example , the stressful life that an aged teacher goes through will definitely take a toll on him .
consequently , they will not be able to give their best in whatever they are doing .
besides , the academic institution will have to pay for his medical bills , resulting in more loss for the institution .
thus , it would indeed be better if at an older age , opportunities are given to the younger ones .
admittedly , the expertise of the senior workers who had retired should never be underestimated .
their invaluable experiences and knowledge in their respective fields such as engineering , medicine , and law can certainly be beneficial to the younger generation .
hence , it is highly recommended that the retiree come over to the companies or hospitals to have regular sessions with the present staffs to bridge the gap between them and to pass on their knowledge .
in conclusion , it is indeed evident that age limit should be set for retirement .
there will come a certain time when the older generation should hand over the responsibility to the fresh comers who are certainly waiting to be given a choice to prove themselves .
after all , retirement not only marks the end of an individual , but also gives him a chance to make up for what he has lost throughout his working life .
should the cost of medicines be reduced ?
at present , a large number of patients in poor countries are suffering from deaths caused by lack of medication rather than dangerous diseases .
it is suggested that companies in developed countries ought to reduce their price of medicines to avoid such unnecessary deaths .
admittedly , more lives will be saved by the use of effective medicines .
the medical industry in developing countries is incapable of producing high - quality drugs .
with advanced technology , the developed world has achieved remarkable breakthroughs in making medicines , which can cure a variety of serious illnesses .
if people in poorer countries gain access to these drugs , their health situations may be better .
the reduction in cost of medicines therefore shows the sign of humanity .
however , the current cost of medicines is , in fact , reasonable and based on the medicines ' effectiveness .
apparently , the process of researching , testing and producing drugs in masses costs a substantial amount of money .
moreover , these products prove to ensure human health completely .
suppose companies were forced to reduce the cost of drugs , they would make no profit , even running up debt because of production expenditure .
therefore , the measure cannot be adopted , otherwise those companies will go into liquidation .
in short , this is not a long - term solution .
fortunately , there are other measures to improve the situation .
it is advisable for the government to encourage medical production by supplying land for building factories and reducing part of the taxes .
additionally , charitable organizations can buy medicines from developed countries and distribute to the undeveloped world for free .
in conclusion , i disagree with reducing the cost of medicines , which may exacerbate their qualities .
instead , the government and medical foundations should be responsible for the distribution of drugs to the undeveloped world at a more reasonable price .
should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways
nowadays transportation has attracted much social concern .
whether governments should invest more money in traffic infrastructure or focus more on developing public transportation has erupted endless controversy .
it does not seem unreasonable to suggest that governments spend more money on buses , trains , and subways investment .
such public vehicles are used to serve a large number of people in society therefore they help alleviate traffic congestion and decrease the amount of carbon released into the air .
both these two things are important .
first and foremost , carbon emission cut is significantly essential for protecting the atmosphere .
the fact is that the more cars and motorbikes are on roads , the more seriously the ozone layer is damaged .
if governments use more money to improve roads , there is a strong likelihood that more people drive their private cars work .
this is sure to lead to more carbon emitted into the atmosphere , which can cause skin cancer and destroy the natural environment .
whereas , if there are more good buses , trains , or subways , people are inclined to use less private vehicles , which decreases the amount of carbon released .
obviously , the policy that concentrates money on developing public transportation brings an advantageous impact on earth .
in addition , the policy would play a pivotal part in relieving traffic jam .
it is quiet clear that traffic congestion is a serious problem in many big cities .
the main reason for this issue is that there are a great number of vehicles flowing on roads .
in order to tackle the problem , governments have to turn people ' attention on public vehicles to reduce cars and motorbikes .
there is the possibility that improving roads and highways does not seem to reach the major cause of traffic congestion .
in conclusion , i would concede that high - quality roads and highways make it easier to move around .
nevertheless , public transportation systems even have more important advantages .
they not only ease traffic jam but also protect the atmosphere .
that is why many governments around the world invest more money on developing public transportation facilities .
human activities are harming the earth
" save the planet earth " is a common line which can be read and heard all over the world .
there has been a lot of initiatives to protect the planet earth from unbridled human developments .
although some people argue these developments are making our life comfortable , but concerns to save earth are vital due to various reasons .
firstly , rapid development of infrastructure is eating most of the forest throughout world .
the so - called concrete jungles have evolved endangering forests and wild life .
as we all know life saving oxygen is produced by trees after converting harmful carbon dioxide gas .
moreover , wild life is very essential to maintain ecological balance on planet earth .
secondly , large emissions of carbon monoxide gas from refrigerants like air conditioners have depleted ozone layer .
importance of ozone layer is evident by the fact as it protects us from harmful ultra violet rays .
to add to it , excess emission of carbon dioxide gas mainly by vehicles around the world has increased the average temperature at north pole which in turn has increased water level due to gradual melting of glaciers .
lastly , either industrial waste or domestic waste produced everyday is badly polluting the planet earth .
for instance a large amount of unnoticed industrial waste released in oceans effects aquatic life to a large extent .
harmful chemicals present in industrial waste kills lot of sea creatures in oceans or rivers .
to conclude , earth is our home and it should be protected .
any human activity causing harm to earth should be controlled and alternate ways should be devised to control damage .
creative ideas should be encouraged to leave minimum environmental footprints without compromising quality of life .
amount of control on media information
nowadays , one of the most controversial issues related to mass media is the correct amount of control posed on newspapers , televisions and websites .
it is argued that the government should exercise less restriction on sharing of media information to public .
however , i strongly believe that it should increase the level of control to protect the public against inappropriate contents and unsuitable foreign cultures .
one of the strong arguments in favour of tighter media control is to limit the violent and sexual content .
they have a serious impact on people in their puberty .
for example , an internet cartoon comedy called happy tree is extremely brutal , where the characters usually have their heads or limbs tear off .
another supporting reason is that television companies import foreign programmes from time to time and audiences might accept their ideas which maybe otherwise not welcomed to local culture .
a few years ago there was a japanese game show which involved throwing cream cakes to the loser .
this is actually very environmentally unfriendly .
the major opposing argument is to protect the safety of citizens .
in other words , the government should disclose the information to the media in a timely manner , especially for disasters and outbreak of new diseases .
taking the sars in 2003 as an example , the chinese government limited the amount of information for public access which therefore causes numerous deaths .
even so , another perspective on this is to prevent the citizen from unnecessary fear and unrest .
both sides of the arguments have its merits .
my personal view is that despite the emphasis of citizen safety , the government should regulate the correct amount of violent and sexual content and censor the culturally unsuitable information .
setting up a council to monitor the media information to the public could be a practical idea .
citizen ' s only responsibility is to pay taxes
there is a controversial debate around the world about the duties of citizen .
some people believe that paying tax is the only responsibility of citizens , while others disagree and think that being a person in society involves more responsibilities .
taxes are the income for every country in the world and they are extremely important for developing countries .
if people are paying taxes , that means they are taking part in the development of their country as well as the country ' s economy .
therefore , they have fulfilled their duty as a citizen .
some people argue that individuals of a country are responsible for many other things apart from paying tax .
in fact , in order to develop a country , citizens must obey laws , which were imposed by the government .
in this way , the crime rate is reduced and society becomes a peaceful place , so the country will develop at a rapid pace .
furthermore , being a citizen in society should protect the country ' s culture and history .
for instance , people should have knowledge about their own culture and history by studying at school with full concentration or reading them from books .
on the other hand , a person has to unite with other people in the community so as to develop their nation .
indeed , if people in society have a strong bond with each other , society will become a peaceful place , where people are helping and sharing to each other .
taking everything into account , i strongly believe that being a citizen involves in a number of duties , other than paying taxes .
people in society must do more than paying taxes to contribute to their society .
testing on animals and keeping them in unnatural conditions
perhaps the most serious problem facing the animals ' rights today is animal experimentation .
many medical treatments have been discovered by animal testing , including cancer and hiv drugs
while most scientists claim that this is vital for improving human health , i believe that primates should have the same rights as human beings .
there are several reasons why animal testing should be banned .
firstly , the costs outweigh the benefits .
every year , cosmetic companies , farms or medical schools kill millions of animals to test their products , without any beneficial result .
animal testing costs an enormous amount of money , since they must be fed , cared for and treated with drugs or experimental substances .
secondly , animals are kept in unnatural conditions .
recent studies point out that animals are neglected and treated poorly , which influences their reactions to drugs .
in march 2003 , a lab technician shot a video inside a lab , which revealed primates in cages without pain medication , for instance one baboon with a metal cylinder screwed into its head .
consequently , i think that sacrificing animals is an expensive and painful activity .
there is also the argument that many ethical and genetic principles are broken when testing on animals .
many people agree that it is not only inhumane and cruel to cause pain to animals , but also misleading , since animals and people ' s response to a drug can be different .
i personally believe that human beings have no moral right to use animals in ways that do not benefit the individual .
for the reasons mentioned above , it seems to me that testing on animals has no clear result and consequently , it should be made illegal .
" pen and paper " examination
examinations are one of the most common methods of measuring learning in education systems throughout the world .
at virtually every stage of the learning process , exams are used to verify that the learner is ready to move on to the next stage .
however , many believe that the role of examinations should be reconsidered .
there are clearly advantages to exams .
they help to ensure fairness by imposing the same conditions on all exam candidates .
they are also relatively versatile ; different types of exam questions , for example , multiple - choice questions and essay tasks , can test different sorts of reasoning ability .
however , exams also have some drawbacks .
test - wise candidates can often perform well on exams without having good underlying knowledge or skills .
in contrast , some test - takers perform cannot achieve a satisfying result because of anxiety .
in this case , teachers and learners focus only on theses aspects of the curriculum that are likely to be tested , thus narrowing the educational experience for all .
a number of measures should be taken to address these concerns .
wherever possible , exams should match the content and activities of the learning environment .
exam task should be varied to give fair opportunities to candidates with different types of skills .
other types of assessment should also be considered , assignment writing , for example , to assess independent learning and research skills , or group projects , to measure teamwork ability .
in conclusion , it is convincing that exams have a role to play in ensuring proper and objective assessment of achievement .
however , exams need to be carefully designed and supplemented with other forms of evaluation if they are to be a truly useful component of the education system .
richer nations should help poorer nations in health , education and trade
improvements in health , education and trade are essential for the development of poorer nations .
poorer nations need help from richer nations in these areas to develop their countries .
firstly , in the area of health , poorer nations normally have less quantity of doctors and nurses compared to richer nations .
high population in poorer countries due to lack of family planning caused the proportion of doctors unbalance to the quantity of resident .
on top of that , poorer nations are lack of hospitals to fulfill the demand of the patients .
to solve these issues , richer nations can contribute by delegating doctors and nurses to these power nations as well as donate money to build hospitals .
secondly , in the area of education , it is generally agreed that poorer countries often lack of teachers in schools as well as lecturers in higher education institutions .
besides that , education for these countries normally is not free so only certain group of students can afford it .
in order to solve the education manpower problem , richer countries can allocate experienced educators to train more teachers and lecturers in poorer countries .
meanwhile , for the issue of education fee , richer countries should offer scholarships and loan to the qualified students .
lastly , in the area of trade , no one can deny that poorer countries are lagging behind richer countries due to shortage of money .
trading are less active in poorer countries may also be caused by incomplete transportation infrastructure .
for example , residents in rural areas still depend on their own farm for food production .
as a token of goodwill , richer nations can provide financial service to poorer countries to encourage trading .
the former can also give consultation on setting up a complete and efficient transportation infrastructure to support trading .
in conclusion , richer nations should take more responsibility for helping the poorer nations in all health , education and trade .
improvements in these areas will create a better life for residents in poorer nations which they can use to grow their homeland .
there will be soon no role for teachers in classrooms
in recent years it has become more common for teachers to use technological tools in the learning process .
however , i do not agree that this explosion in technology will ' innovate ' the education system , by replacing teachers with computers .
there are several reasons why teachers will never be replaced by computers .
firstly , computers need to be operated by people .
no one can argue that technological tools are must - haves for the classroom of today .
for example , lessons are more attractive and easier to understand when they are put on a power point presentation and then presented with a lcd projector .
however , scientists prove that every classroom needs trained staff to use these interactive and innovative ways of teaching .
i agree that nowadays the learning process benefits greatly from computers , but they are just tools for teachers and they cannot work properly without human ' s touch .
secondly , children need human interactions .
no matter how advanced technology will be , it is clear that a computer will never be able to communicate with its pupils .
as a recent interview with josh trumm – the founder of the ' teachers global group '- reveals , human interactions will never be imitated by computers : ' this verbal and non - verbal communication between teachers and children is the first step towards a proper educatio n .
without someone who can explain and understand their problems , pupils cannot actually learn ' .
i am inclined to agree with this scientific view , because only a teacher can feel and connect with pupils , be a friend and a model .
in conclusion , there can be no school without a teacher .
i think that computers will continue to be used by teachers in the learning process , but they will never take their place .
teachers are not just teachers , they are also friends and conseilieurs .
advanced fertilizers and machine for farmers , good or bad ?
in recent years , the discussion about the agriculture development has become a controversy .
while some appear to believe that advanced plant foods incorporate with newly developed devices significantly reduce the cost of producing farm products , others argue that this collaboration exerts a series of negative effects to people ' s health condition and the society .
admittedly , applying the advanced fertilizers in combine with the automatic reaping resources increase farmers ' economic profit .
this is because artificial fertilizers catalyze the capacity of each inch of farmland in order to churn out the crops , and automatic machinery enhances the work efficiency of the harvest .
consequently , the production and labour cost of each kilogram of the agriculture products dramatically decreased .
however , high - tech fertilizers pose a potential threat to individuals ' health well - being .
unlike the organic plant foods , industrialized fertilizers are made of unusual chemicals , which are not only varying the gene of crops into those unknown substances but also remaining inside of plants permanently .
in this case , consumers who intake those fertilized products on a regular base tend to suffer a series of disease in the future .
moreover , excessively relying on the electronic equipment for harvest causes several impacts to the society .
one is that it worsens the air pollution by releasing the excessive exhaust emission .
in contrast , manual harvest prevents severe environmental damages .
for another , mechanical reaper causes the rise of the unemployment rate in the farming industry , possibly because high - end reaping plants replace a large number of workers in the fields .
in conclusion , even though newly developed plant foods and machinery make significant financial success for the farmers , it is convincing that the demerits of applying these new developments in the agriculture industry cannot be overlooked .
funding artists
nowadays , in order to save as much budget as possible and improve the economy of the country , every government around the world is seeking for some ways to spend wisely .
therefore , there is a suggestion that governments should not continue to fund the artists , but they ought to spend money on other necessary subjects such as medical research and space .
in my view , i firmly disagree with this recommendation due to several reasons .
the main reason why i believe artists should be funded is because art helps to improve the quality of our lives as well as attracting tourists .
for example , monuments that represent each city do not only illustrate the city ' s history and culture , but also make the city more beautiful and an attractive place for tourists .
in fact , some countries depend on tourism as their main source of revenue , thus , the governments should help arts because their work crafts are very necessary to boost the tourist industry .
in addition , sculptures and paintings in the museums and art galleries generally reflect the culture and civilization of every generation .
therefore , culture and history of a country can be reserved and assured by art .
young people are also able to get more knowledge about their country ' s history and culture by observing various work crafts .
another reason why artists should be helped is because talent in art is extremely precious and should not be wasted .
indeed , not many people are blessed in the talent of paintings and work crafts .
hence , this type of talent has to be valued as other types of talents such as talent in science or literature .
to sum up , art is a very valuable object for every country and the talent in this area cannot be discovered everywhere , so i think governments should help and encourage artists to continue their work .
capital punishment is necessary or not ?
capital punishment is a controversial debate in many countries .
in a world where brutal crimes need to be deterred , it may be true that the death penalty is an efficient retribution to admonish the violence .
however , as the society grows , human rights become more highly respected , " murdering " criminals is therefore immoral and hard to accept .
first of all , it is recognized that every human being has the right to live and no authority is empowered to deprive one of life .
although what criminals cause to the society , specifically to the victims , is indeed significantly offensive , they are humans and their lives need to be valued .
in addition , execution does not resolve the consequences of crime , not to mention it could put the criminal ' s family through hardship while the pain of the victim ' s kin is never to be consoled .
secondly , capital punishment is certainly not the only option to control the amount of crimes , life imprisonment is just as effective by detaining the criminals in prison for the rest of their lives .
moreover , in terms of punishment , living a miserable life with restriction to the world outside and sustaining the feeling of guilt every day in a dark bounded room are much more obsessing than being killed right away .
the third reason why the death penalty should be banned is the chance that innocent people are wrongly convicted .
juries are also humans , they may lack of discretion .
thus , many people are executed for the crime they did not commit , which leads to a question of fairness in judicial system .
in conclusion , although capital punishment presents an extreme warning to the community , i firmly object to it because it is absurd and inhumane .
furthermore , it can be replaced by a life sentence .
physical exercise
although some people think that the major part of school schedule should be entirely devoted to academics , i truly believe that the physical education part should not be outweighed .
physical exercises help to create healthy nation , assist to learning through direct observation and finally aid to financial development of a country .
first of all , the ancient latin proverb says : " anima sana in corpore sano ", which means that healthy body is basis for healthy soul .
there is a direct linkage between people ' s health and the frequency of doing physical exercises .
the more we practice , the better we feel .
additionally , there is a fact that one can improve health conditions with everyday physical activity : gradually , step by step we change physical condition to better .
so , if the entire nation , from their school ages begin going for sports and try doing that everyday , eventually it may help to build healthy nation .
besides , when we practice outdoors and indoors sports , many aspects are getting clearer .
for example , when a person goes jogging everyday , eventually he can understand his own body through direct observation .
alike , the school basketball team gains more knowledge on how to succeed in some particular kind of throwing the ball into hoot practicing rather than learning theoretically .
furthermore , almost all natural science discoveries were made by direct observation , which is a part of physical education .
last , but not least , financial sustainability of a region mostly depends on how healthy the population is .
for instance , the money invested into physical education program can save allocations into healthcare , since the nation is comparatively healthy .
along with that , physically healthy people can contribute more both into economical and social development .
as a matter of fact , the better a person feels , the better his brain works .
therefore , putting physical activities in early steps of human development would finally lead to mentally healthy society .
as hence it ends up with financially competitive country .
in the conclusion , i would like to say that the more attention is withdrawn to a problem of physical education , the more influence we can get on academic success of students .
businesses should be only concerned about making profits .
there is no doubt that companies , factories and businesses establish to provide products which are people ' s need and make a profit for their managers .
however , i completely disagree with the idea that businesses should be allowed to do anything they want to make a profit .
with this permission they are allowed to hit and damage everything for just making a profit .
firstly , if there is not any control on the businesses and they are permitted to do everything they want , they will threaten the beings ' life such as human , animals and plants .
as every day we read and hear in televisions and newspapers that some factories hit the environment by their toxic substances .
moreover , if we let them do anything they can to just make a profit , they will produce products with low qualities and high prices , therefore they might hit consumer ' s life .
for instance , a few months ago it was broadcast from tv that a company which produced baby milk , sold milk which did not have quality and it caused a few babies die .
in conclusion , all companies , factories and businesses should be monitored by governments and executive , and they do not have to let do anything they want just due to making profit .
they can hit both the environment and human ' s life easily .
new high school
although some of my neighbors will oppose this idea , personally i approve it .
the new high school will bring a lot of advantages to my community .
the high school of my district is pretty old and lacks in necessities for students , so they can ' t get enough education .
i really believe that new high school is a great addition to the educational system of my community .
firstly , i think that the new high school will bring a lots of opportunities for student concerned in education .
their old high school is pretty old and need in new educational materials , repairing of the place for sport activities .
also the laboratory of physics and chemistry was in bad condition , so the students can ' t study well during the classes .
they will study with new breath and great enthusiasm in new school .
secondly , the new high school will be a place for new connections between the student of different communities and districts of the city .
after classes students and not only the students will get together in building of high school , participate in different competitions .
for instance during the football match the students of different high schools will come and after the competition they will keep in touch .
this will increase the social connections of the students .
the only disadvantage is the noisiness of the competitions .
the people living in the neighborhood will be a bit perturbed , but i think this isn ' t a important reason for ceasing the competitions .
to sum up , this new construction has a lot of advantages like new connections between students from different communities , also the new educational equipment will increase the students ' enthusiasm toward studying .
the only disadvantage is the nosiness of competitions which students will participate , but i think that it isn ' t a big deal .
so the new high school will be a great addition for my environment .
parents or other adult relatives should make important decisions for their olde
it might seem that teenaged children particularly in age of 15 - 18 are fully grown , so they do not need any help for making important decisions .
however , in my opinion , teenagers need more attention and help in comparison with the higher ages .
i will discuss my view in two main areas .
in the first place , there is no doubt that parents and other adult relatives are more experienced towards children , therefore they are the best advisor for their children .
they have experienced a large numbers of stuffs during their life , so if children listen to their advices they can prevent happening worst things .
also , they can save value things in their life such as time and money , and enjoy they life with the best way .
moreover , i have always believed that parents and adults relatives are the best friends and consular for the teenagers , because unfortunately nowadays there are some individuals who cheat the others for gaining more power and money .
they cheat young ages because they believe they are immature and they can trap them easily .
to sum up , it makes no difference , people from young ages to old ages are free to make a decision , nonetheless sometimes to prevent some problems coming up for young individuals , it is a good idea to ask parents and adult relatives to give a piece of advice .
children are free
you hardly ever can find a person who says that he or she had unpleasant childhood .
when individuals reminisce their memories they absolutely infer to some of their childhood events .
as much as their events might were bitter , in their adulthood they are sweet .
in my opinion , childhood is definitely the happiest time of people life in two main areas .
in the first place , children are free whatever they want to do , they are not restricted and their limitation are really rare .
because they are in the age of growth and they are allowed whatever they want to do to experience new stuffs .
therefore there is no argument and punishment for them .
in addition , in this age they are not expected to be responsible .
also , they do not have to educate and they do not have to work , so they have a lot of time in their hand to enjoy this stage of their life .
as a matter of fact , i made a large number of friends in this age , and i almost traveled to all cities of my county when i was in kindergarten .
also i got familiar with different kind of animals and plants in this age .
all in all , i would maintain that the best phase of people life is their childhood .
they not only free to do whatever they want without any confine or punishment , but also they are free and have a lot of time in their hands to try and experience new things and enjoy them .
concentrate on the objectives - people attend schools for various reasons
from many centuries ago , universities have been playing an important role in ones ' life .
different people attend university for different point of views .
in my perspective , the three most reasons are increased knowledge , career preparation and new experiences .
first of all , for most people , university is an ideal place for them to develop their understanding .
truthfully , in this wonderful academic environment , everyone is provided with varieties and gigantic number of information by a lot of professors and well - trained teachers .
thus , people are able to strengthen their knowledge .
moreover , through the instructions of teachers , the sufficient infrastructure such as laboratory , library , students is capable of doing research on every academic aspect .
therefore , they can gain a deep sight into what are they studying .
secondly , studying in university means that you have totally turned into a different page of your life , which included many new experiences .
the number of individual who enroll in university are enormous , more than any school one person have studied .
thus , students are given such fantastic chance to create new and wide relationships with a lot of people from any corner of one nation , even from the whole world .
for instance , my brother are studying in an international university with a mixed community include vietnam , brazil , argentina , etc .
and he told me that he is very excited for experiencing such new environment , which is one of his main purposes when attending university .
last but not least , preparing for career is an essential function of university .
students not only do homework , assignment and attend class but also need to participate in volunteer work , internship and part time job .
thus , they can have some experiences in the outside world and discover what their life goals are .
after all , they know where and what to put high emphasis on in order to achieve their objectives .
in summation , people may attend university for various reasons .
some want to enjoy new experiences , some are going to prepare for their future career , while others are eager to develop their understanding .
even though the purposes could be various , everybody who is studying in university should concentrate on the objectives and try their best .
people are put too much focus on making wealth and progress in technology
the life today is totally different from half centuries before .
advances in technology do help humans to solve abundant of problems ; however it also deprives of some things that we had .
in my opinion , life in the old days brings more happiness to people than today for several reasons .
the first reason is life is simple in the past .
nowadays , all humans compete together .
since world population getting higher , competition is getting fierce .
if you are not able to handle your jobs , then someone will replace you right away .
people need to put much more effort to keep their living condition .
therefore , lives in the old days is easier than today .
second , the environment today is serious damaged .
looking out the windows , what i see isn ' t sky , trees or mountains , but is coldly high buildings .
everyday , i walk on hard roads , breath in polluted air , and live in a limited space .
what ' s worse , it has been proved that living in this kind of condition will result in some mental diseases .
thus , the environment our grandparents live is more comfortable than today .
the third reason is that the pace of life .
today , we are able to read the news all over the world , to chat with people through the internet , or to travel around the world by planes ; however , it also means that any thing happens in the world will affect our life .
if we cannot react properly and immediately , then we will be in a vulnerable situation .
we have no choice but have to live in a fast pace .
in conclusion , while there some people live in a pretty good condition , it is only a minority .
people are put too much focus on making wealth and progress in technology ; nevertheless , behind the glamorous facade of it , what we loss will never be returned .
educated high - school students with bright and independent mind
high school is the time when you decide your future career and particular field you want to concentrate and interested in .
in my opinion high school should permit students to choose courses they want for several reasons which are freedom of choice , to have progress in students grades and knowledge as well as to help students explore their aptitude .
first of all , as i mentioned above students should have a right to choose what they want to study .
not allowing students their desired subjects to be chosen is a restriction of human rights .
as children of independent country we should know our rights and opportunities we have in order to achieve our goals and dreams .
next , students should choose their classes to have progress in their studies and grades .
also , we can avoid conflicts among students and teachers which can be enjoyable and productive for both instructor and students .
for example , when i was taking art class everyone shared the same interests and it was easy to understand each other .
giving chance students to choose their interested fields of study is merit .
lastly , the most important reason i support this idea is he or she can explore in an area she / he has an aptitude .
when schools can give such kind of opportunity the students are likely do their best and succeed in their future lives which is one of the point most people get education .
furthermore , this type of opportunities can raise future geniuses .
in conclusion , as a young women i want my children to get knowledge they have desire to study in order to have distinguished achievement so it has advantage not only for him or her but for society as well .
having three reasons helps us to bring up students who are well - educated , with a bright and independent mind .
under suitable administration , tourism enhances local economic development
tourist trade is becoming a powerful engine for the economy .
nevertheless , some individuals believe that this position ignores the ecological and environmental destruction , as a result of tourist activities , and its adverse effects on local communities and ecosystems .
while both positions seem reasonable , my view is that , through proper management and regulation , a booming tourist industry is an excellent source of economic growth and wealth for rural and urban areas .
the most obvious merit is that tourism can vastly boost economic development in a particular state or region .
this takes place , not only through direct expenditure from tourists , but also because it provides direct and indirect jobs to the community , including retail , agriculture , and in the service industry .
the increasing tax and the expansion of local markets for accommodation , luxury goods amongst others are also a result of a solid , well - regulated tourism programs .
furthermore , tourism provides a considerable number of direct and indirect jobs to the community , including retail , hotels , transport , agriculture , and in the service industry .
this increase of job opportunities allows more people to make significant contribution to society through the purchasing of commodities by their growing incomes .
as a result , this gives energy to the economic cycle , generating local economic prosperity in return .
some people may oppose these , citing the environmental and cultural destruction caused by tourism .
in fact , compared to the tourism industry , other alternatives , like resource extraction and manufacture , are far worse destroyers .
for instance , paper mills pour hundreds and thousands of tons of contamination into rivers , causing severe water pollution .
on the other hand , the dramatic majority of tourist , particularly those who tend to spending a wealth of time and money locating and visiting rustic villages , are well educated .
it is illogical to believe that these rational folks will not conduct themselves decently if required to do so .
after careful consideration of both sides of the argument , the tourism sector is desirable for its important socioeconomic advantages .
in conclusion , it is evident that under suitable administration , the benefits of tourism outweigh its drawbacks .
the government should allocate more funds to public services instead of arts
the issue of governmental financing provision to aesthetic features in the society has sparked a heated debate .
while some argue that the budget allocation to the arts is waste of national resources and the money should instead be spent on public services , i contend that this investment in field of the arts would be in the best interest of a society .
first of all , there is no doubt that governments are liable for providing societies with appropriate public services and adequate facilities in an efficient way .
admittedly , no one should suffer from any sort of deficiency in field of health , education , transportation and communication .
however , these could only help individuals with their physical requirements .
there is also a burden on the government to highly concern about the people mental health initiatives which would be unconsciously or sensibly provided by the arts .
on top of this , the arts play a pivotal role in all - round development of a society .
no developed country could be named that music , painting , literature and other fields of arts are out of its government consideration .
enriching people ' s life and enlightening their thoughts , the arts basically affect the enhancement of societies in many positive ways .
furthermore , investing in art could bring employment opportunities and could end in return of capital occasionally .
the investment could be paid back through the values of the created works of art which as a matter of fact should be considered as national possessions .
to sum up , not only could investing in art be considered as wasting money at any kind , but also it would enriches the culture of the society and governments and individuals would benefit from it in multiple ways .
people are now more conscious to gain more educational qualification
the career itself became the motto of living since the beginning of industrialization in the late 19th century .
people usually tend to have a single career as a means of living .
however , a modern trend reveals that new generations are more interested to perform several jobs and also would like to gain multiple higher educational certificates in order to earn more and to gain financial security .
a full time job with a steady income was enough for a potential employee to support himself and his family .
but with the recent recession , almost all the countries all over the world are seeing significant economic downfall .
this overwhelming crisis is prompting delayering and reduction of workers .
as a result , people are focusing on doing several jobs or gaining further qualification to secure their economic condition .
moreover , the arrival of technology has also been playing a major role promoting further unemployment .
the official term of it is named " technological unemployment ".
north american economists have published reports after scrutinizing the recent american economic situation that , technology is eliminating more jobs than creating one .
for example , robots , automation and softwares are taking over manual human workers professions such as clerks , interpreters , security services , retails and specially in manufacturing companies .
thus many people ' s jobs are now at high stake .
the best way to ensure a flexible earning is getting more jobs .
last but not least , corporational policy to to pay less to inferiors is another reason that drives labours to work on different sectors .
for the reasons mentioned above , i believe that people are now more conscious to gain more educational qualification and also are more interested to work on various fields simultaneously to earn more and support themselves .
technology inspires children ' s creativity instead of weakening it
technology accelerates human ' s evolving pace .
with advanced technology , many things that seemed impossible in the past , have become realities .
for example , people in the past never dreamed of talking to anyone whenever they wanted or see someone overseas on a computer screen , both of these can be achieved with cellphone and internet .
however , some people point that technology has made children less creative .
i don ' t deny that technology may have some negative effects on children , but i think technology makes children even more creative .
first , technology inspires children to create new things .
children are curious about everything around them , so when they come across a high - tech product like a cellphone , they will be obsessed with its mysterious functions and eager to know how it works .
for example , bill gates was attracted by the original huge computer , then he did everything he could to understand how it worked .
after he had figured out all the stuff , he then began to promote the computer .
in the end , he successfully invented a computer that was easy to use and lightweight .
therefore , instead of interfering children ' s creativity , technology actually encourages children to learn and to create .
second , technology widen children ' s knowledge .
in the past , children were only able to see things from one perspective .
however , with highly advanced technology , children are able to get information from foreign countries and even communicate with foreign friends .
therefore , they will be able to learn about different cultures and different ways of thinking .
knowledge is the base of creativity .
the diverse knowledge that children gained from different parts of the world , inspires children and encourage them to create new things .
admittedly , technology may have negative effects on children .
technology has made life too easy for most children .
in comfortable conditions , children may be satisfied with the world around them and refuse to make a change .
nonetheless , with the development of technology , increasingly more young people become obsessed with high - tech products .
they kept researching new technology and became successful at a very young age .
